See what students, mentors, alumni
and recruiters say about Masters'
moments that reflect our culture,
learning and community. Explore their
See how Masters’ Union is represented
platforms. Explore articles, features,
and press coverage that reflect our
journey, initiatives, and growing
impact in education, innovation, and
Explore the awards, rankings and accreditations that recognise the quality, impact
and industry relevance of Masters' Union programmes.
UG in Technology & Business Management
UG in Technology & Business Management
UG in Psychology & Marketing (Illinois
UG in Data Science & AI (Illinois Tech,
UG in Technology & Business Management
PGP in Technology and Business Management
PGP in Technology & Business Management
PGP in Human Resources & Organisation
PGP in Sports Management & Gaming
PGP in Applied AI & Agentic Systems
PGP in UI/UX & AI Product Design
PGP in Sustainability & Business Management
PGP in Capital Markets and Trading
PGP in Entrepreneurship and Business Acceleration
PGP Rise: General Management (Global)
Bloomberg Equity Research Programme
PGP Rise: Owners and Promoters Management
PGP in Entrepreneurship and Business Acceleration
Your download will begin shortly.
Exclusive management programme for family business owners & successors
Online/In-Person Weekend Classes
For current and next-gen family business members
Includes 2 Global & 10 Domestic Residencies
Our program emphasizes hands-on application, enabling
you to implement strategies directly, solve real-world challenges, and
drive tangible results for your business.
universities, and build networks across
future-ready succession strategies
Get guided by leaders from Reliance, Tata, Godrej,
and more. Strengthen succession, drive growth, and balance family values
strategies for generational growth
Get 1:1 mentorship from business leaders and global
networks like YPO, EO, and CII-FBN.
Master self-awareness with Hogan and
Access YPO, EO, and CII-FBN networks
Build self-mastery through Hogan tools
universities, and build networks across
future-ready succession strategies
Get guided by leaders from Reliance, Tata, Godrej,
and more. Strengthen succession, drive growth, and balance family values
strategies for generational growth
Get 1:1 mentorship from business leaders and global
networks like YPO, EO, and CII-FBN.
Master self-awareness with Hogan and
Access YPO, EO, and CII-FBN networks
Build self-mastery through Hogan tools
Exploring the Challenges of Family Business
& MD of Terentia Consultants with Rajiv Gupta -
Chair, School of Family Business, Visit Masters' Union
How to Build a Profitable Company in India
Rajiv Gupta - Chair, School of Family Business, on Figuring It Out with Raj
No need to hit pause on your business. With weekend hybrid classes
30 days of in-person immersions across 2 global locations and 10
gain real-time insights with minimal disruption and maximum value.
Leverage the expertise of a prestigious panel of 10+ industry
veterans, committed to guiding your business.
Tailored advisory board composition for business-specific
Drive governance, succession, and operational excellence
Scaling Business with Sustainability
Governance & Succession Planning
Aligning Business & Family Objectives
Intergenerational Conflict Resolution
Scaling Business with Sustainability
Governance & Succession Planning
Aligning Business & Family Objectives
Intergenerational Conflict Resolution
Scaling Business with Sustainability
Governance & Succession Planning
Aligning Business & Family Objectives
Intergenerational Conflict Resolution
Scaling Business with Sustainability
Governance & Succession Planning
Aligning Business & Family Objectives
Intergenerational Conflict Resolution
Psychological Safety Assessment
Psychological Safety Assessment
Focus on Family Value Systems with the Family Unit
Bring key family members to a dedicated residency led by global
leaders to foster family harmony, eliminate power
Executive Leadership Residency with Your Next-In-Command
Invite your CEO, CFO, or your trusted
residency designed to strengthen your leadership team & resolve
Put principles into action using BSC,
frameworks. Leverage AI, tech & expert
guidance to drive lasting transformation in your
In six meticulously curated domestic residencies, engage with the Masters, your cohort, and
numerous industry and family business leaders.
Shift into high gear at our state-of-the-art
business district of Gurgaon. Establish influential partnerships & share
innovative ideas while engaging with an invaluable network of:
Top family business owners and successors
Renowned business magnates from diverse
Celebrated academicians and acclaimed
Esteemed board advisors, consultants, and
Master Kaizen & PDCA for Constant
Learn Cost-Saving Tactics for Scalable
See Robotics Boost Speed & Accuracy in
Discover the secrets of the ultra-successful business operations of
iconic Indian family-run food & beverage industry giants like Haldiram's
Blend Tradition & Tech for Business
Explore Global Supply Chains at Scale
Learn Distribution & Strategy from
Guided by industry-leading experts, bring key family members to campus
to tackle vital family dynamics and
Family roles, conflict resolution, &
Succession planning & creating a family
Transition hand-offs & leadership
Invite your next-in-command (CEO, CFO,
residency designed to harmonise the operational excellence of
professional managers with the entrepreneurial acumen of family
promoters. Engage in powerful modules to:
Navigate complex owner-CEO relationships
Resolve differences between professional
Understand board governance in listed &
Conclude your transformative journey with a high-impact network of
business magnates & influential industry leaders, striking business
Benefit from an exclusive community
innovators from the MU family, and seasoned experts who are always ready
to consult on your unique challenges.
Build a strong personal and family brand, position yourself as a thought
strategic partnerships through high-impact
Engage within a dynamic cohort of heirs from family-run firms
INR 100 to 500 crore in annual revenues,
including empires like Bikaji Foods, Century
Plywood, and V-Guard Industries.
Discover their success strategies across diverse industries
Learn firsthand how they leveraged technology, optimized
processes, and applied best practices to fuel rapid national
you can do the same for your business.
executive.admissions@mastersunion.org
Working Hours - Monday- Saturday, 11:00 am- 7:00 pm IST
Gain a decisive advantage with Masters' Union’s exclusive global immersions, meticulously
next-gen family business leaders.
Discover Manufacturing Excellence in China and
Dive into trade innovations, connect with industry giants,
build powerful networks at the world’s largest trade fair.
Tap into Strategic Knowledge from Leading
Study strategies of legacy European empires like Ferrari,
Fendi & Prosecco Ventures for multi-generational success.
Pioneer Governance and Digital Innovation at
Leverage advanced technology at H-Farm, a leading innovation hub and prestigious global university.
Partner with the owners of international family-owned powerhouses
to drive expansion into emerging markets. Get their crucial
regulatory landscapes of emerging markets.
chains with the help of international suppliers and manufacturers.
to digitise operations, making your business agile and
that balance family control with professional management.
Designed by a faculty with decades of real-world family
business experience, modules are
tailored to tackle the specific complexities and distinctive challenges
Execution by Business Scorecard
CXOs’ & Business Owners’ Insights
Turning Vision & Strategy into Actionable
Driving Clarity & Accountability with RACI
Connecting Rewards to Performance Metrics
Aligning Scorecards with Family & Business
Enhancing Governance through Structured Board
Integrating Scorecards into Daily Operations
Linking Scorecards to Financial Management
Continuous Process Improvement with PDCA Cycles
Discover a world of opportunities as
family business leaders, explore
the vibrant campus, & network with industry experts.
Experience how automotive giants
drive efficiency firsthand. Gain
to scale & innovate within your
Boosting Business with Digital Scorecards
Securing Organizations from Cyber Threats
Enhancing Collaboration & Productivity via
Scaling Operations with Advanced Technologies
Leveraging AI for Growth & Innovation
Elevating Customer Experience with Digital
Building Products and Services Using AI
Master advanced digitalisation &
governance at elite institutions like H-Farm,
Italy. Engage with legendary family brands
& Fendi to uncover their timeless growth
Creating Organisation Structure, Roles & KPIs
Planning Short and Long-Term Rewards
Designing & Executing Performance Management
Building an Employee Value Proposition
Mapping and Implementing Succession Plans
Linking Performance to Increments & Incentives
Developing Talent for Business Growth
residency that aligns family values with management
expertise. Address owner-CEO relationships, resolve
conflicts, & strengthen board governance.
Setting Rules for Joining Family Business
Ensuring Fair Wealth Distribution
Blending Traditions with Digital Innovation
Defining Remuneration and Lifestyle Guidelines
Resolving Conflicts with Structured Frameworks
Securing Legacy Through Philanthropy & Impact
Establishing Family Constitution & Succession
Creating Family Advisory Boards & Councils
Under the mentorship of top industry
experts, convene key family members to address critical
dynamics and pressing challenges in your
Understanding Behavior with Hogan & Heartstyles
Practicing Respect, Empathy & Active Listening
Leading with Custodianship & Stewardship
Gaining Self-Awareness Through 360° Feedback
Creating Psychological Safety & Positive
Building Focus, Consistency & Discipline
Leveraging Strengths and Addressing Weaknesses
from seasoned family business veterans, guiding you
through project execution with strategic insights and
Developing Products that Balance Legacy and
Crafting Brand Stories that Reflect Family
Launching Go-To-Market Plans that Leverage
Redesigning Pricing, Packaging & Positioning
Professionalizing Marketing, Sales & Digital
Strengthening Channel & Distribution Networks
Tracking GTM Impact through KPIs, Dashboards &
insights from industry leaders to thrive globally.
Unlocking Wealth Vested in Business
Establishing Family Offices for Structured
Aligning Wealth Strategies with Succession
Preparing for IPOs and Strategic Investors
Diversifying Portfolios for Long-Term
Preserving Wealth Across Generations
Integrating Tax Planning and Risk Management
family-run F&B brands like Haldirams and Varun
gain expert insights to boost your business.
Aligning CXO Contributions with Board Vision
Scaling with Systems, Processes & Governance
Creating Brand Equity, Legacy, and Societal
Turning Risks Into Business Behemoths
Building a Team of Integrity & Accountability
Learning Profit & Talent Strategies from
Managing Large Projects for Sustainable Growth
Complete your journey with a powerful network of
industry leaders and innovators, forging strategic
partnerships for growth and tailored support.
Find the top 3 problems stopping you from growing
Do a strategic root-cause analysis using the Balanced Scorecard
Framework to find core strategic, financial, &
points within your organisation.
visits to leading industries relevant to your field &
cutting-edge practices that can inspire innovation.
Apply the SCG Framework (success,
consistency, and growth) to create a blueprint &
the groundwork for a 10x growth strategy.
Design a custom solution by integrating essential
Identify areas for digital innovation using GEAR—AI and technology maturity
Transition into a digital company with SHIFT
- organization change management.
Measure progress & drive accountability with a performance management
Prioritise inclusivity using a diversity and
Attract, retain, & nurture key resources with a talent management
Minimise disruptions & ensure smooth execution with a conflict management
Get 1:1 support from seasoned experts & execute
Get personalised support from family business veterans in 1:1 mentorship
interventions to refine strategies, set clear
troubleshoot challenges during implementation.
Leverage technology as a core enabler of growth. Integrate
tools to enhance business processes,
improve decision-making, and unlock new revenue streams.
Transform chaos into sustainable growth by using the right tools to streamline operations, manage
complexities, and make data-driven decisions.
Drive smarter decisions with real-time centralised data to streamline operations,
costs, enable smooth generational transitions, and boost cross-team collaboration.
Leverage GenAI to boost family business performance by automating key tasks, using
data-driven insights for decisions, and delivering smart, AI-powered customer support.
Bridge the gap between strategy and operations by unifying key data to measure and
manage your family business across learning, processes, customers, and finance.
Identify growth levers and drive 10x success using a proven framework that aligns
strategy, operations, and finances for lasting growth and sustainable impact.
Cut through the noise—quickly figure out what’s wrong and fix it fast. Hone your
decision-making skills and become a pro at business “firefighting”.
Know what makes your leadership team tick. Discover the personalities behind the
performance and foster a thriving business culture.
Knowing what drives your people is key. Heartstyles Indicator offers a 360° view of
behaviours to measure, manage, and shape a high-performance culture.
Learn to collaborate seamlessly with your family & team members across locations,
ensuring operational efficiency and smooth communication.
Turn digital connections into real opportunities. Learn to generate leads and build
a strong online reputation with expert guidance.
Build your digital storefront quickly and professionally, making your family
Design visually captivating and persuasive presentations that help you effectively
pitch ideas and secure clients.
Stay sharp & ahead of the game using AI for rapid insights, enabling your family
business to make smart, data-backed decisions—fast.
Develop high-impact visuals and marketing materials, giving your family brand the
modern edge it needs to stay competitive in the industry.
Drive smarter decisions with real-time centralised data to streamline
costs, enable smooth generational transitions, and boost cross-team collaboration.
Leverage GenAI to boost family business performance by automating key tasks,
data-driven insights for decisions, and delivering smart, AI-powered customer support.
Bridge the gap between strategy and operations by unifying key data to measure
manage your family business across learning, processes, customers, and finance.
Identify growth levers and drive 10x success using a proven framework that
strategy, operations, and finances for lasting growth and sustainable impact.
Cut through the noise—quickly figure out what’s wrong and fix it fast. Hone your
decision- making skills and become a pro at business “firefighting”.
Know what makes your leadership team tick. Discover the personalities behind the
performance and foster a thriving business culture.
Knowing what drives your people is key. Heartstyles Indicator offers a 360° view
behaviours to measure, manage, and shape a high-performance culture.
Learn to collaborate seamlessly with your family & team members across
ensuring operational efficiency and smooth communication.
Turn digital connections into real opportunities. Learn to generate leads and
a strong online reputation with expert guidance.
Build your digital storefront quickly and professionally, making your family
Design visually captivating and persuasive presentations that help you
pitch ideas and secure clients.
Stay sharp & ahead of the game using AI for rapid insights, enabling your family
business to make smart, data-backed decisions—fast.
Develop high-impact visuals and marketing materials, giving your family brand
modern edge it needs to stay competitive in the industry.
Gain real-world wisdom from expert practitioners— successful family business owners,
academicians & seasoned consultants with extensive
How to professionalise family businesses
How to use business scorecards for strategic execution
How to use performance management systems
How to use sibling rivalry to thrive
How to prevent pitfalls and lead effectively using values
How to find your purpose & happiness with Ikegai
How to build a family legacy across generations
How to decide strategies for unlocking family wealth
How to diversify with support of family members
How to navigate differences and align leaders
How to nuture the family legacy as the 4th gen
How to communicate effectively through storytelling
How to build brands customers love and trust
How to run large projects - lessons from mega corporations
How to achieve synergy between business owners & CEO
How to align business with what investors value
How to strengthen corporate governance for enterprise value
How to drive growth through customer centricity
How to drive growth through customer centricity
How to professionalise family businesses
How to use business scorecards for strategic execution
How to use performance management systems
How to use sibling rivalry to thrive
How to prevent pitfalls and lead effectively using values
How to find your purpose & happiness with Ikegai
How to build a family legacy across generations
How to decide strategies for unlocking family wealth
How to diversify with support of family members
How to navigate differences and align leaders
How to nuture the family legacy as the 4th gen
How to communicate effectively through storytelling
How to build brands customers love and trust
How to run large projects - lessons from mega corporations
How to achieve synergy between business owners & CEO
How to align business with what investors value
How to strengthen corporate governance for enterprise value
How to drive growth through customer centricity
How to drive growth through customer centricity
Leverage the expertise of a prestigious panel of 10+ industry
veterans, committed to guiding your business.
Scaling Business with Sustainability
Governance & Succession Planning
Aligning Business & Family Objectives
Intergenerational Conflict Resolution
Scaling Business with Sustainability
Governance & Succession Planning
Aligning Business & Family Objectives
Intergenerational Conflict Resolution
Scaling Business with Sustainability
Governance & Succession Planning
Aligning Business & Family Objectives
Intergenerational Conflict Resolution
Scaling Business with Sustainability
Governance & Succession Planning
Aligning Business & Family Objectives
Intergenerational Conflict Resolution
Tap into the expertise of a prestigious panel of
industry veterans, dedicated to driving your business forward.
We evaluate your business needs and goals. This
initial step ensures a tailored approach for your
We design a custom curriculum for your family
business. Our program adapts to your unique
Practical, real-world case studies.
We help you implement the strategies and solutions.
Our experts guide you through practical application
Actionable strategy development.
We offer continuous support to maximize board impact.
Our commitment extends beyond the program for
We evaluate your business needs and goals. This
initial step ensures a tailored approach for your
We design a custom curriculum for your family
business. Our program adapts to your unique
Practical, real-world case studies.
We help you implement the strategies and solutions.
Our experts guide you through practical application
Actionable strategy development.
We offer continuous support to maximize board impact.
Our commitment extends beyond the program for
Tackle family businesses' unique interpersonal challenges by
directly engaging with family members and trusted non-family executives in exclusive
residencies. Unlock your family’s full potential through shared learning and build an
We prioritize candidates with hands-on experience in their family-managed business.
This ensures they bring practical knowledge, can apply the curriculum effectively,
and contribute meaningfully to peer learning and classroom discussions.
We look for individuals with entrepreneurial spirit, leadership potential, and a
deep commitment to their family business. Prior work experience, personal
initiatives, or family roles help demonstrate these qualities and bring valuable
Strong communication is key to thriving in a family
business. During interviews, we assess your ability to express ideas clearly, listen
actively, and build meaningful relationships—skills essential for effective
leadership and collaboration within the program and beyond.
NOTE - GST does not apply to this programme
Complete the Application Online
Applicants will need to fill out and submit an online
application to be considered for the Masters’ Union PGP Rise: Owners and
Statement of Purpose (optional): As part of the application, you
can submit an SOP of up to 500 words summarising your reasons &
motivations for applying to this particular programme.
If shortlisted, applicants will be invited for an
interview, which will help us get to know them better, and help
them understand all aspects of PGP Rise: Owners and Promoters
Management. The interview panel will consist of our eminent
Masters from academia and the industry, as well as members of
Once the Admissions Office receives feedback from
application will be re-evaluated and then presented to the
Admissions Committee, which makes the final decision for each
candidate. Applicants will be advised of the final decision on
their application through an email.
The entire admissions process, from the Application Deadline, will
Maximum merit-based programme fee received by a student.
Scholarships available for the postgraduate batch.
Loan coverage for the programme and hostel fees.
How does the programme’s format support family business successors in driving change within their business?
The PGP Rise: Owners & Promoters Management is designed so that scions can apply their learnings to the business, in real time after each key module. The classes take place over the weekend, with learners having the option of attending them in person.
How does the curriculum address the unique challenges faced by family business owners?
The programme addresses the complete spectrum of responsibilities that family business owners must balance—family, business, self, and ownership. It also acknowledges the significance of including other key stakeholders in the process by conducting specialised “Extended Learning Sessions” for family members and the leadership team in dedicated residencies.
How does the programme implement a hands-on approach to solving business owners' challenges?
Alongside academic rigour, the programme encompasses a Capstone Project based on real challenges faced by the learners in their family business. Over the course of 12 intensive months and with the help of 1:1 coaching with industry experts, learners will identify core challenges within the business and drive tangible solutions by the end of the programme.
How do international immersions and domestic residencies enhance the learning experience of participants?
International immersions and domestic residencies offer a holistic learning experience, exposing learners to both global and local business perspectives. This diverse exposure enables learners to apply insights to their family enterprises, fostering their ability to navigate markets effectively.
Through Global University Immersions, participants are exposed to world-class practices and latest research equipping them with the tools to innovate and scale their family businesses internationally.The Industrial Visits allow them to understand global market trends, identify expansion opportunities and gain first-hand exposure to successful business models in international hubs. The Domestic Residencies offer a focused exploration of Indian family businesses, enabling participants to witness approaches that are unique to the Indian business landscape.
What will be the batch size of the class?
We will limit the batch size to a maximum of 60 students to maximise individual attention from the masters and have an impactful teacher-student ratio.
What role does mentorship play in the overall learning experience of the programme?
Learners can expect 1:1 mentorship from experienced family business owners, industry titans & consultants, who provide firsthand insights drawn from their experiences in balancing family dynamics with business innovation. Additionally, many of our mentors hold CXO positions in multinational corporations, equipping learners with global best practices and strategies that can be directly applied to elevate their family enterprises. This blend of personal and global expertise ensures a comprehensive understanding of both family and business leadership.
Is there a minimum requirement of work experience required to apply?
Applicants need a minimum of 5 years of experience to apply for the programme. In case any applicant has lesser work experience, feel free to reach out to the admissions team who will evaluate their profile and advise accordingly.
Is there an age limit for entry?
There is no age limit for entry. However, the programme is more suitable for candidates with experience of 5 years or more. If they have less work experience, we encourage them to get in touch with the admissions team who will evaluate their profile and advise them accordingly.
We're searching for individuals who possess the leadership potential to take their family business to new heights. If you're a motivated self-starter who can identify and capitalise on opportunities, we encourage you to apply.
Do we need to write a GMAT, GRE, or CAT to enrol
No, this programme doesn’t require any test scores.
Are all candidates interviewed?
Post the application process, the shortlisted candidates are invited to an online interview with our admissions panel.
Can applicants get their profile evaluated?
Applicants are welcome to schedule a 1:1 session with our counsellors to discuss fitment with the programme based on their profile.
What is included in the cost of the programme?
The programme does not cover airfare or visa costs. It will however cover boarding, lodging and local travel during immersions. For outstation students, hotel accommodation during on-campus immersions will not be covered.
Are the fees refunded in case applicants decide to drop out of the programme?
Fees once submitted are not eligible for refunds. Masters’ Union reserves the right to amend this Refund Policy at any time without prior notice.
Are the fees refunded in case applicants decide
Fees once submitted are not eligible for
Masters’ Union reserves the right to amend this Refund Policy at any time without prior
Can applicants defer my admission offer from
Masters' Union to the next year?
Currently, we are not offering the option
to defer their admission offer. Those who cannot join the programme in the current year are
advised to apply again for the next year.
Copyright @ 2026 Masters’ Union