See what students, mentors, alumni
and recruiters say about Masters'
moments that reflect our culture,
learning and community. Explore their
See how Masters’ Union is represented
platforms. Explore articles, features,
and press coverage that reflect our
journey, initiatives, and growing
impact in education, innovation, and
Explore the awards, rankings and accreditations that recognise the quality, impact
and industry relevance of Masters' Union programmes.
UG in Technology & Business Management
UG in Technology & Business Management
UG in Psychology & Marketing (Illinois
UG in Data Science & AI (Illinois Tech,
UG in Technology & Business Management
PGP in Technology and Business Management
PGP in Technology & Business Management
PGP in Human Resources & Organisation
PGP in Sports Management & Gaming
PGP in Applied AI & Agentic Systems
PGP in UI/UX & AI Product Design
PGP in Sustainability & Business Management
PGP in Capital Markets and Trading
PGP in Entrepreneurship and Business Acceleration
PGP Rise: General Management (Global)
Bloomberg Equity Research Programme
PGP Rise: Owners and Promoters Management
PGP in Entrepreneurship and Business Acceleration
Our team will reach out to you shortly.
Whether you're looking for top talent in Marketing, Product
Management, Finance, or cutting-edge fields like AI, ML, and Tech, our careers team will
efficiently shortlist and present the best profiles, ensuring you find the perfect fit with zero
Once you share the openings, our careers team will shortlist, share resumes/portfolios and
schedule interviews - all within 72 hours.
Email us at careerservices@mastersunion.org to
Email us at careerservices@mastersunion.org to
Our students are available for short-term and long-term paid
consulting projects. These projects serve as a great pipeline for internships
Check out our live project with Microsoft.
During winter and summer breaks, our students can join select companies for internships and
Whether you're an individual, corporation, or foundation, we would love to
collaborate with you to co-create courses, invite you for fireside chats, organise thrilling case
competitions, or host events at our campus.
Design a course with us that is tailored for every organisation’s workforce demands.
Explore our collaboration with Cars
Explore our collaboration with Cars
Talk about your leadership experiences and industry insights, and help our students
broaden their domain knowledge.
Watch fireside chat with Former MD,
Provide our students with problem statements and organise challenges to help them develop
Watch students discuss case competition strategies.
Have our students over at your office, factory or showroom to shoot a documentary style
Watch some of our top case studies here.
You’re welcome to host your offsites, conferences, and meetings on our campus which
boasts a beautiful auditorium, various well-equipped classrooms & food options.
Explore our campus amenities here.
First, Second & Third cohorts’ average CTC surpassed that of Top B Schools , making us
These placement reports have been verified & audited by Brickworks Analytics, an
auditor for IIM Ahmedabad’s placement report.
We actively partner and collaborate with institutions, companies, experts, and
industry leaders, to enhance the diversity of our network and enrich student event experiences.
Reach out to our team at careerservices@mastersunion.org
We proudly showcase the diverse states
students. From coast to coast, our campus is a melting pot of vibrant cultures
perspectives, fostering an enriching learning environment for all.
Copyright @ 2026 Masters’ Union