See what students, mentors, alumni
and recruiters say about Masters'
moments that reflect our culture,
learning and community. Explore their
See how Masters’ Union is represented
platforms. Explore articles, features,
and press coverage that reflect our
journey, initiatives, and growing
impact in education, innovation, and
Explore the awards, rankings and accreditations that recognise the quality, impact
and industry relevance of Masters' Union programmes.
UG in Technology & Business Management
UG in Technology & Business Management
UG in Psychology & Marketing (Illinois
UG in Data Science & AI (Illinois Tech,
UG in Technology & Business Management
PGP in Technology and Business Management
PGP in Technology & Business Management
PGP in Human Resources & Organisation
PGP in Sports Management & Gaming
PGP in Applied AI & Agentic Systems
PGP in UI/UX & AI Product Design
PGP in Sustainability & Business Management
PGP in Capital Markets and Trading
PGP in Entrepreneurship and Business Acceleration
PGP Rise: General Management (Global)
Bloomberg Equity Research Programme
PGP Rise: Owners and Promoters Management
PGP in Entrepreneurship and Business Acceleration
The Report will be downloaded shortly.
Feel free to write to us at ugadmissions@mastersunion.org
or call on +91 76691 86660 in case of any queries.
Feel free to write to us at ugadmissions@mastersunion.org
or call on +91 76691 86660 in case of any queries.
The Report will be downloaded shortly.
Feel free to write to us at ugadmissions@mastersunion.org
or call on +91 76691 86660 in case of any queries.
Feel free to write to us at ugadmissions@mastersunion.org
or call on +91 76691 86660 in case of any queries.
The report will be downloaded shortly.
Feel free to write to us at ugadmissions@mastersunion.org
or call on +91 76691 86660 in case of any queries.
Feel free to write to us at ugadmissions@mastersunion.org
or call on +91 76691 86660 in case of any queries.
The Report will be downloaded shortly.
Feel free to write to us at ugadmissions@mastersunion.org
or call on +91 76691 86660 in case of any queries.
Feel free to write to us at ugadmissions@mastersunion.org
or call on +91 76691 86660 in case of any queries.
The brochure will be downloaded shortly.
Feel free to write to us at ugadmissions@mastersunion.org
or call on +91 76691 86660 in case of any queries.
Feel free to write to us at ugadmissions@mastersunion.org
or call on +91 76691 86660 in case of any queries.
A 4-year programme where you learn by doing. See how behavioural
psychology is applied to real-world marketing.
Current Students & Pass-outs (2024
Including 1 Year Industry Training
Our course is taught by psychology practitioners and
expert marketeers in topmost companies such as Zomato, Apple,
Meta, boAt, Kia, Epigamia, etc.
Learn directly from CMOs & Marketeers
from companies like Apple, Zomato, boAt,
studies with CMOs from top firms
mentorship from brand & marketing heads
principles to craft irresistible marketing strategies, resulting in successful
intern within 1st year of college
Travel to new countries and study consumer behaviour,
brand strategy, and market research in real-world settings.
Rakuten, Nissan, Daikin in Japan
Luxury branding with Mercedes & Porsche in Europe
Travel & telecom marketing with
Agoda, Singtel, USS in Singapore
Learn directly from CMOs & Marketeers
from companies like Apple, Zomato, boAt, Airtel, Epigamia, Kia, and
studies with CMOs from top firms
mentorship from brand & marketing heads
principles to craft irresistible marketing strategies ,
resulting in successful e-commerce ventures.
Work at leading firms like Zomato, Indigo, Chaayos,
Epigamia and gain real-world experience.
intern within 1st year of college
Travel to new countries and study consumer behaviour,
brand strategy, and market research in real-world settings.
Rakuten, Nissan, Daikin in Japan
Luxury branding with Mercedes & Porsche in Europe
Travel & telecom marketing with
Agoda, Singtel, USS in Singapore
Our courses are taught by CMOs &
Marketeers in topmost companies
such as Apple, Meta, boAt, Airtel, Epigamia, Kia, and more.
Gain insights from industry leaders on how psychology influences
Learn how to leverage purpose & storytelling to build
Mr. Amit Khatri, Co-founder, Noise
Learn to craft a powerful brand with Amit Khatri,
Co-Founder, Noise & master strategies for lasting market presence
Mr. Aman Gupta, Co-founder & CMO, boAt
Master the art of impactful ads with
Aman Gupta, CMO, boAt & tackle 24-hour ad
challenge with YouTuber Tanmay Bhatt
Dr. Rajesh Bhargave, Prof., Imperial College, UK
Explore the future of AI & its impact on
marketing & branding with emerging tech with
Unpack the strategy behind the ad that took the internet
Chandan Mendiratta, Chief Brand Officer, Zepto
Build disruptive brands, harness
colour psychology & craft compelling stories in fast-paced quick
Two flexible tracks offered with recognised degrees from
OP Jindal Global University or Illinois Tech, US.
Two flexible tracks offered with recognised degrees from
OP Jindal Global University or Illinois Tech, US.
Spend 3 years in India followed by 4th year at
Graduate from Illinois Tech, #1 in Illinois and #20 in
*Based on the New York Times college rankings tool 2023, for high
earnings and economic mobility.
Union followed by one year industry
Zerodha, Cred, and more through Masters’ Union.
Students have the option to enrol in Bachelor of Science in
Psychology at OP Jindal Global University
Earn  Certification in Psychology
Over 80 students have already interned at top brands, including
EY, The Indian Express, Chaayos, Indigo, and more.
“I landed my dream internship at IndiGo in my
first year, where I contributed to launching their business class and
loyalty program. This experience provided me with valuable insights into
airline marketing and customer engagement. I have been passionate about
aviation since childhood and my passion further deepened after meeting Dr.
Anand Srinivasan, Co-founder of Akasa Air, during his tour at Masters’
Union, gaining firsthand industry insights”
“During my internship at Epigamia, I was praised
for my market research and identifying the right product-market fit – skills
I honed in the marketing class taught by Mr. Bhupesh Manohar. I also
analyzed raw data with precision with advanced excel, making the experience
Business Development Intern, Zerope
“My time at ZeroPe offered a front-row view of
India's fintech transformation. I explored consumer behavior in healthcare
spending and successfully converted a previously unreachable client. Tasked
by Ashneer Grover to onboard 20 healthcare partners in two months, I applied
the Need Gap strategy from one of our classes, which helped me close 44
leads in six weeks, earning the position of top performer and an extended
offer to join the team full-time.”
“During my internship at BluSmart, I developed
expertise in B2B sales, marketing, and social media. My experience in
Dropshipping Mela helped me understand the business requirements quickly
and I also honed skills in collaboration, analytics, and business building”
“I Interned at Basil’s Founder’s Office, where I
crafted marketing strategies, closed deals with HP and Dyninno, and
developed Basil Wallet as a product for these companies. With GTM strategies
taught to us, I drove impactful marketing. The communication training from
Harvard Professor Mihir Mankad equipped me to lead my team for two months”
Students learn as much outside the classroom as they do inside it, with challenges like
Dropshipping, Social Fundraising, Content Creation and more.
Start with ₹500 and trade your way to an item worth ₹10,000+. Document
your journey on YouTube or Instagram, sharing strategies, insights, and
lessons as you grow your investment with smart trading and negotiation.
Step into the role of a consultant and collaborate with a local restaurant
to redesign its menu, optimise offerings, and enhance customer experience,
Learn marketing by building your own influencer brand.
into thousands and even millions of followers.
Apply psychology principles to craft irresistible marketing strategies,
resulting in successful e-commerce ventures.
Collaborate with a real business to design and implement a go-to-market
(GTM) strategy. Gain hands-on experience in market
execution to drive growth and successful market
Create and execute a fundraising campaign for a social cause, leveraging
persuasive marketing techniques and psychological insights to connect with
Antler India (LPs), Gold, REITs, InvITs, Forex
Explore various industries through internships, short-term class
projects, or factory/office visits, resulting in gaining practical
knowledge of marketing concepts application.
Gain insights from Industry Leaders on how technology is shaping
How They Made it to Masters' Union
on applications, scholarships, group discussions & interviews
Earning 1Cr+ from E-Commerce in Term 1
From branding to accounting, students learn how to build &
scale dropshipping businesses from 0 to 1Cr+ in 3
Learning by Building Real Products
Students share firsthand insights from building real products
during their Product Management course
Walk Through Our Students' Experience
Students engage in a conversation about
student life, faculty, CXO sessions
Entrepreneurial Student Projects
UG students showcase their startups across industries like
E-Commerce, Marketing & Consumer-Tech
Cracking Internships in Year 1 of College
Students discuss their key learnings while interning at brands
EY, Indigo, Damensch, The Indian Express & more
Inside the Founding Class Experience
From Practitioner-driven classrooms to real-world exposure
with Industry's top business minds
Building Real Brands from Year 1
Inside a challenge where students craft personal brands on
YouTube, LinkedIn & Instagram as part of curriculum
Students gained global exposure in Japan, while visiting
Rakuten, Nissan, Daikin, & more, learning discipline, precision, & innovation
Global exposure in Europe where students engaged in
institutions like IESEG, UH HQ, Porsche, Merceden-Benz, etc
Get a glimpse into the energy, talent, and adventures that shape student life beyond the classroom.
Travel to a new country and deep dive into its marketing ecosystems by
exploring consumer psychology and brand legacies.
Watch Advaita, Tamanna, Pushya & Shoa share how they’re learning to use psychology to decode consumer behaviour.
Over 80 students have already interned at top brands, including
EY, The Indian Express, Chaayos, Indigo, and more.
A Day in Life of Masters’ Union Student
Experience the classes, the grind, the campus & the hostel-a
Experiences Outside the Classroom
Watch Abhay Shenoy, First VP of Fests from UG Class of 2027,
share glimpses of life beyond academics
Explore Our Career-focused Clubs
Dive into the energy of Career Clubs: Data, Consulting,
Finance, Tech & Product Management
Sports Culture at Masters’ Union
A holistic student experience fueled by football, cricket,
Meet the UG Student Fraternities
Watch the clash of fraternities–Netflix, Meta, Amazon &
Google battle it out in the Inter-Frat competition
Leadership and Teamwork in Action
Watch our student captains drive competitive spirit over a
Path to Building the Next Big Thing
Experience hands-on learning & innovation at the Startup
High Bootcamp at Masters’ Union
Experience the excellence of our student community - a
glimpse into what you can achieve here.
Join diverse clubs to connect, collaborate, and grow
Discover how our students learn
Dive into our modules that are designed with a focus on applied psychology and
marketing, to help you understand its application in the real world.
Explore the Foundations of Mind & Market
Build a strong base in human psychology and marketing
fundamentals. Understand how behaviour and business intersect in real-world
Deepen Your Analytical & Creative Muscle
Advance into research, digital marketing, content and brand
strategy, using behavioural insight and core tools to design campaigns that
Lead Marketing Strategies Through Behavioural Insight
Shift from execution to direction, using consumer psychology
to shape brand narratives while building leadership to brief, align and
Spend a year working with marketing leaders, pursuing a guided
research project, studying abroad at partner universities, or transitioning into a
Understanding Elements of Psychology & Human Behaviour
Building Hard Skills for Careers In Psychology &
Transforming Into a High-Performance Leader
Neuroscience - Decoding the Human Brain
Introduction to Psychology - How Humans
Developmental Psychology: Human Evolution &
Cognitive Psychology - Influencing People
Social Psychology - How to Effectively Work
People and Personalities - Building Strong
Psychological Research - Reading Your
Environmental Psychology: How Spaces Shape
Stress Management: Staying Resilient in Ups
Building Marketing Strategies: Getting Your
Pricing Strategy - How to Find a Product
Art of Communication - Effective Public
fundraising campaign or a social cause,
persuasive marketing techniques and psychological
Work closely with a local restaurant to redesign
its menu and consequently boost its
country and immerse yourself in its
In Class | Core + Elective Courses
Managerial Behaviour - Understanding Human
Introduction to Operations - Building
Introduction to HRM - Managing People and
Corporate Strategies - Building Competitive
Corporate Governance -  How should Boards
Corporate Finance - Maximising Shareholder
Venture Capital & FinTech - Decoding the
Design Thinking and Prototyping - Building
Product Analytics - Measuring Success with
Digital Marketing - How Instagram and
Understanding Consumer Behaviour-  Decoding
Introduction to Machine Learning -1 -
Understanding Algorithms behind AI
profit by mastering the art of building and monetising
personal brands as Creator-preneurs.
problems faced by local companies, develop
innovative solutions, and gain hands-on consulting
work with top companies, apply classroom knowledge
to practical challenges, and build a network that
Intro to Blockchain, Metaverse & AI -
Understanding New Age Technologies
Public Policy and Advocacy - How Businesses
The Founder's Playbook - Strategic
Scenarios & Real-World Application
Negotiation & Financial Acumen - Crafting
Valuations & Financial Modelling - Finding
Markets, Portfolios & Prudence - The
Product Led Growth Strategies - Scaling 10X
Product Strategy and Innovation - How
Strategic Brand Management - How to Scale a
Content Generation and Advertising - How
Advertisers Influence Customers
Big Data Analytics - Crunching Numbers to
Introduction to Machine Learning -2 -
Participate in industry-specific
investors, founders, and executives of
offsite retreat  with uncertain and ever
changing environments, and get trained in complex
Experience a 0-to-1 journey from
ideation to pitching real VCs, and get a grant to
Art of Communication-1 - Public
CXOs from top companies like KPMG, Razorpay, and
while receiving mentorship from industry
ventures to the next level. Get the support,
resources, and mentorship needed to  scale your startup,
and refine your business model.
Discover how 3+1 Dual Degree Programme with Illinois Tech enables our
students to study abroad & earn
a globally recognised bachelor’s.
Explore how psychology and marketing drive consumer behavior and
product positioning through real-world company visits.
A deep dive into the marketing strategies behind MakeMyTrip's journey to
becoming a travel industry leader.
How Clovia is reshaping the lingerie industry by identifying consumer
Capturing consumer attention and outpacing competition through innovative
Cornell, Stanford, Kellogg professors.
Take courses from 20+ CMOs from
Experience industry immersions at brands like
MakeMyTrip, Chaayos, Cars24 etc.
Our courses are taught by CMOs &
Marketeers in topmost companies
such as Apple, Meta, boAt, Airtel, Epigamia, Kia, and
In response to the global uncertainty and challenges
students face with international admissions, we’re introducing the Priority
Admissions Track at Masters' Union. This exclusive opportunity allows students
studying abroad and those with offers from top global universities to
and fast-track directly to the interview stage with just their
Class X & XII Marks (Expected/Final) from one of the recognised boards including
CBSE, ISC, IB, IGCSE etc. Both students with and without Mathematics in Class
XII are eligible for the programme.
Scores in Masters' Union Scholarship (Aptitude) Test/SAT/ACT.
Applications would be evaluated for
extracurricular achievements and projects.
We will assess these qualities through your
application essays, in-person simulation and personal interviews.
At Masters' Union, your peers are exceptional, from
international athletes and Shark Tank finalists to crore-portfolio investors. Our
classroom is a melting pot of talent, ambition, and real-world impact. We seek
students who stand out and have the drive to excel.
Your application is more than just a form, it’s your first pitch
to the admissions team. In this student-led video, Yashovardhan, a senior at Masters’
Union, shares the ultimate blueprint to crafting a stellar application, from structuring
essays to avoiding common pitfalls.
School Marksheets of Class X and XI
12th grade passing certificate for students graduating in
Once you submit part 1 of the application and pay the
application fees, you will have to submit your video within
7 days. Please note your video should be uploaded to Google
drive and uploaded in part 2 of your application form.
Kindly ensure that the video on Google drive is set to
"Anyone with the link can view".
Video length: Please create a video that is no longer than
Hobbies: It would be helpful if applicants could pick
interesting, unique points that will make them memorable for
Shortlisting & Scholarship Aptitude Test
Shortlist and Scholarship Aptitude Test
About the Online Scholarship Test
After getting confirmation on the shortlist, students will
receive an online scholarship test from home. The test will
be two hours long and will consist of questions on data
analysis, numerical ability and logical reasoning. A
practice test will also be provided. Students will get 14
days to finish the scholarship test. Based on the aptitude
scores, students will be further shortlisted and contacted
by the admissions team with information about their
in-person simulation and interview. Preparation materials
for the test can be found here.
Students also have the option to provide their
JEE/IPMAT/SAT/CUET scores. The scholarship test becomes
optional for those who have provided their scores.
Watch a student-led breakdown of a test strategy that can
help you secure Masters’ Union Scholarship here.
Schedule In Person Marketing Simulation
About In-person Business Simulation & Interview
The in-person marketing simulation will require candidates to
role-play as a CXO of a company and solve its Marketing and
HR challenges in a team of 5-6 applicants. The interview
will be a 1-1 conversation with our faculty or senior
The in-person marketing simulation and interview will be
conducted on the same day for a student. These will be
scheduled across major cities in India, and over Zoom in
Once shortlisted applicants have submitted their
application along with their aptitude scores, the admissions team
respond with their final decision and the students will fall into
Applicants who have been offered admission to Masters’ Union
receive their decision along with the financial structure
They will have 7-21 days to confirm their admission through
Applicants rejected by the admissions team can apply to the
programme again in the next academic year.
Masters’ Union doesn’t maintain any ranked waitlist.
placed in this category will have their admission dependent
the spots that might open up in the cohort.
The admission committee reconvenes to decide the results and
promotion of candidates from the waitlisted to the accepted
Masters' Union offers a Lateral Entry pathway, allowing students
in their first year at any other university to transfer seamlessly into our cutting-edge Undergraduate
Programme in Psychology & Marketing. Take the leap and elevate your
academic experience with industry-aligned curriculum, expert mentorship, and
real-world exposure. The online admission process is the same for all applicants.
*4th Year fees may differ if you study abroad at a partner
university or pursue the PGP Pathway.
The amount mentioned for the hostel does not include electricity
The following financial institutions can provide loans for
to the admitted students. Check out all finance options here.
Tuition fees + Living expenses (No Margin
Collateral required for secured loan
Available under Section 80E of Income Tax Act
95% of the total cost 100% funding option
Secured loans at 9.25% Unsecured Loan at
Secured: Course Period + 15 years
Course Period + 6 months (optional)
Applicable as per Axis bank norms
College related and expenses details
1 Cr Unsecured After 1 Cr Collateral
Course i.e. 6 month & then 10 years
Simple-interest disbursement amount EMI will
Secured - Starts at 9% p.a. Unsecured -
Tuition Fee + Travel Expenses + Living
Up to ₹50 Lakhs (Unsecured Loan)
Tuition fees, living expenses, and other
miscellaneous expenses (e.g., laptop, etc.)
0.25% - 0.75% of the loan amount
EMI/SI or partial interest repayment.
The following financial institutions can provide loans for
to the admitted students. Check out all finance options here.
Tuition fees + Living expenses (No Margin
Collateral required for secured loan
Available under Section 80E of Income Tax Act
95% of the total cost 100% funding option
Secured loans at 9.25% Unsecured Loan at
Secured: Course Period + 15 years
Course Period + 6 months (optional)
Applicable as per Axis bank norms
College related and expenses details
1 Cr Unsecured After 1 Cr Collateral
Course i.e. 6 month & then 10 years
Simple-interest disbursement amount EMI will
Secured - Starts at 9% p.a. Unsecured -
Tuition Fee + Travel Expenses + Living
Up to ₹50 Lakhs (Unsecured Loan)
Tuition fees, living expenses, and other
miscellaneous expenses (e.g., laptop, etc.)
0.25% - 0.75% of the loan amount
EMI/SI or partial interest repayment.
UPSY is our loan aggregator, and the figures shown here are indicative
cumulative estimates that may vary depending on the lending partner selected
Graduate with an Integrated PGP in Five
Undergrad students can opt for an
Integrated PGP at the end of Year 4 and earn a Masters’ Union
Postgraduate Certification in 5 years.
Study for a Year at Illinois Tech
Students have an option to spend the 4th
Year at Illinois Tech Campus in Chicago and get a B.S. in
Business & Psychology in the US.
Prepare for Postgraduation at Leading
Get personalised GMAT, GRE, GATE tutoring
along with expert guidance on application preparation for MBA,
Top recruiters include Microsoft, Cisco,
Google, Eightfold.ai, Krutrim, Amazon etc.
Dedicated Career Support System
From resume building and mock interviews
to career outreach plans, our dedicated career coaches will
hand-hold you throughout your journey.
Work Opportunities Across Borders
Unlock stellar placement opportunities
across different countries including India, Singapore, UAE, US.
10% of Our Students Raise VC Funds
50+ startups incubated at Masters’ Union,
including Bullspree (Raised $1M+), Eight.Network (Raised
Meet Unicorn Founders on Campus
Learn consumer behaviour from founders
Peyush Bansal (Lenskart), Aman Gupta (boAt), Ghazal Alagh
(Mamaearth) & Kunal Bahl (Snapdeal).
₹5 Crore Venture Fund for Student Startups
Join a network where 80+ startups have
already received funding from the student-led Masters’ Union
Explore what our students are building in the field of healthtech, e-commerce, AI, and more.
“I landed my dream internship at IndiGo in my
first year, where I contributed to launching their business class and
loyalty program. This experience provided me with valuable insights into
airline marketing and customer engagement. I have been passionate about
aviation since childhood and my passion further deepened after meeting
Anand Srinivasan, Co-founder of Akasa Air, during his tour at Masters’
Union, gaining firsthand industry insights”
“During my internship at Epigamia, I was
for my market research and identifying the right product-market fit –
I honed in the marketing class taught by Mr. Bhupesh Manohar. I also
analyzed raw data with precision with advanced excel, making the
Business Development Intern, Zerope
“My time at ZeroPe offered a front-row view of
India's fintech transformation. I explored consumer behavior in
spending and successfully converted a previously unreachable client.
by Ashneer Grover to onboard 20 healthcare partners in two months, I
the Need Gap strategy from one of our classes, which helped me close 44
leads in six weeks, earning the position of top performer and an
offer to join the team full-time.”
“During my internship at BluSmart, I developed
expertise in B2B sales, marketing, and social media. My experience in
Dropshipping Mela helped me understand the business requirements
and I also honed skills in collaboration, analytics, and business
“I Interned at Basil’s Founder’s Office, where
crafted marketing strategies, closed deals with HP and Dyninno, and
developed Basil Wallet as a product for these companies. With GTM
taught to us, I drove impactful marketing. The communication training
Harvard Professor Mihir Mankad equipped me to lead my team for two
Our programme empowers students to lead in the evolving landscape of
consumer behaviour and brand strategy, equipping them with the skills to influence
purchasing decisions, craft compelling narratives, and drive brand success across industries
like retail, media, and technology.
Our UG students benefit from top faculty and pedagogy, set to replicate our PGP-level
Top recruiters include Mckinsey, Bain, BCG, Google, Microsoft, Razorpay, KPMG, EY,
Our career coaches handhold you through resume building, mock interviews,
Director & CEO, Mekosha Ayurveda
Witnessing their child evolve into a confident, ambitious,
industry-ready professional is every parent’s dream. At Masters’ Union, our hands-on,
immersive approach ensures that students not only excel academically but also develop
real-world skills, leadership qualities, and an entrepreneurial mindset. Hear from
parents who have seen this transformation first-hand.
Jayshree Periwal High School, Jaipur
“In my 1st year at Masters' Union, I
am doing 3 internships, heading events, and building two
businesses, simultaneously. In 6 months, I have honed so many skills.“
Indus International School, Bangalore
“I believe that the value Masters' Union
offers with their practitioners and industry experts as faculty
distinguishes learning from others, even those abroad.“
"I have had the opportunity to learn
from professors of Harvard, Wharton, and Stanford and even CEOs
of unicorn companies. Their perspectives helped me understand
how businesses scale globally.“
The Sanskaar Valley School, Bhopal
“When I got to know about Masters' Union,
I knew this was where I wanted to go. And trust me, seeing my skills
and confidence grow in just a few months, I have never been more
Billabong High International School, Noida
“The professors here are not just ordinary
professors; they are real-life business leaders who teach you via their
own experiences and experiments in the business world.“
Sarala Birla Gyan Jyoti School, Guwahati
“I am 18, and I am already running a
business. From launching my startup, to vendor negotiations, getting
customer feedback and earning revenue & profits, it has been an
“Our campus is literally the best,
from bumping into CEOs in the elevator to having big industry
giants like Samsung & Aviva right across the floor, the
environment fosters you to become a business leader from Day 1.“
“From having CXO sessions during the
day to evenings filled with dance practices, the entire day is
packed with learning and experiences that has helped me
Sat Paul Mittal School, Ludhiana
“Multiple CXO sessions such as the
one with Kavin Bharti Mittal, Founder and CEO of Hike,
helped me grasp insights about building businesses and taking risks.“
“The peer group at Masters' Union
is so diverse and enriching. There’s a Taekwondo blackbelt,
an International Basketball player, a trader managing
portfolio of crores, and a Shark Tank India contestant studying with
We proudly showcase the diverse states represented by our
campus is a melting pot of vibrant cultures and perspectives, fostering an enriching
A 4-year, practitioner-led programme to learn business
by running one. Includes internship and domestic + global immersions
Class 12th Students & Pass-outs
4 Years (Including 1 Year Industry training)
A 4-year programme where students learn Al through real
world applications. Curriculum co-designed with PwC and Ola Krutrim.
4 Years (Including 1 Year Industry training)
A 4-year Bachelor’s where you learn finance through
hands-on experience and industry projects.
Class 12th Students & Pass-outs
4 Years (Including CA or CFA pathways)
Can students submit their documents/ certificates later if they need
Students can fill the form with certificates that are
available. Later on, they can simply provide the remaining documents to the team as the
Is it mandatory for students to submit their class XI marksheet?
Yes it is, but If they don’t have the marksheet for class XI
then they can upload an application stating the reason why they don't have it at the moment
of filling out an application and attach the PDF in place of the marksheet.
If a student has lost their X result (or any document) which is
mandatory to upload, how can students fill the form?
They can upload an application stating
the reason for not having it under the 10th
marksheet upload section. Ensure to send an official email at
admission@mastersunion.org later, once the
Can students edit the video essay?
Yes, they can but it is not needed. We are
judging students on their communication and confidence and not their video editing skills.
When will students get their application results and get shortlisted
Results can be expected to be announced
anywhere between 15-30 days after the commencement of the deadline. Post receiving
information on the shortlist, students will receive an online Scholarship (Aptitude) Test
that they have to take online from home.
What if a student has submitted the video but didn't get the
Scholarship (Aptitude) Test mail yet?
The email will be sent once the video is
evaluated and students are selected. Results can be expected to be announced anywhere
between 15-30 days after the submission of the video. Find more details here. here.
We look into the profile holistically before selecting or rejecting a student. However, a score of 35 marks (out of a total of 45) is considered good.
Can students submit their SAT Score instead of taking the Masters’
Union Scholarship (Aptitude) Test?
Yes, students also have the option to
provide their JEE/IPMAT/SAT/CUET scores. The Scholarship (Aptitude) Test becomes optional
for those who have provided their scores and they will be shortlisted on the basis of the
score. Please note that the scholarship test is not just for students looking for
scholarships but is also an essential step of our admission process which enables us to
assess the analytical capabilities of the student.
How much time do students get to prepare for the Scholarship
Students will get a 7-day period to finish the Scholarship (Aptitude) Test. Find more
calculators. We suggest they keep a pen and paper handy with them during the test and a
What is considered a good JEE/IPMAT/CUET percentile?
Percentile greater than or equal to 90 is
Students who choose to submit their SAT
scores, a score greater than or equal to 1500 is considered good. Please note the test score
is one aspect of the application. Student profiles are evaluated holistically.
Can students get an extension to appear for the Scholarship
ugadmissions@mastersunion.org , attaching the specific documents
explaining why an extension is needed. Extension can be granted in genuine cases, as per
When will the results for the Scholarship (Aptitude) Test be
Results can be expected to be announced
anywhere between 15-30 days after the test deadline.
Is the marketing simulation/ personal interview conducted online or
The in-person marketing simulation and
interview will be conducted on the same day for a student. These will be scheduled across
major cities (Delhi, Bengaluru, Mumbai, Ahmedabad, Indore, Hyderabad, Chandigarh) in India
and over Zoom in exceptional cases.
What is GD or marketing simulation ? How to prepare for it?
The in-person marketing simulation will
require students to role-play as a CXO of a company and solve its marketing challenges in a
team of 5-6 applicants. We will send them a case study to prepare for the marketing
simulation round 3-4 days prior for preparation. In this round, they will be judged on their
creativity, communication, and teamwork skills. They will be participating in a group
discussion for 45 minutes followed by a presentation (without any slides).
What happens in the personal interview, what kind of questions will be
The interview will be a one-on-one
conversation with our faculty or senior leadership. The questions will be around their
application and motivations for applying to Masters' Union. The goal is to know more about
students and what they want to achieve at Masters' Union.
Is there any detailed information about GD/PI ?
The overall process will take around 3 hours.
The marketing simulation will last 45 minutes followed by a 15 minute group
presentation. Students will be working in teams of 4-6 students on a
marketing scenario, where students will be expected to make decisions,
data and present their findings.
The interview will be conducted by a senior leader or a faculty member at
Masters’ Union and will be approximately 30 minutes long. They will be asked
questions about their application including their achievements, essays and
Dress code for the event is smart casuals.
When will the results be declared?
The results are announced 30-45 days after
the date of the interview. You can find more details here.
Is there a firm deadline for payment of the admission fee?
We provide students ample time till July
of the academic year so that they can make their decision based on all the admission offers
that they have. In case they still want an extension, the same can be granted based on an
What is the mode of payment for the fees?
Mode of payment can be online, net
banking, bank transfer or in some rare cases they can even send a cheque. Except for cash,
What is the fee payment schedule?
Students can pay the fees semester wise.
Starting every semester, they will be notified about the fees due by
Does Masters’ Union offer scholarships?
At Masters’ Union we believe that financial constraints should
not pose any hindrance to students’ academic aspirations. We have merit and need-based
scholarships for all deserving candidates. Students scoring above 35 out of 45 marks in the
Masters’ Union Scholarship Aptitude test get a scholarship which can range from 10% - 25% of
the tuition fee depending on the student’s performance in the Scholarship (Aptitude)Test and
the overall profile of the applicant. For candidates keen on scholarship, we encourage
students to submit their application early to allow for our admission counsellors to
thoroughly review their scholarship case before presenting it to the admissions committee at
Is the scholarship for all four years or just for the first year?
Scholarship is awarded for all four years. If a student
receives a 20% scholarship, they will receive a 20% scholarship every semester on their
respective fees. However, in cases of misconduct or rule violations, disciplinary action may
Are there any financing options?
Yes, there are financial institutions that can provide loans
for up to 95% of the programme fees to the admitted students. Read here for further details.
Is the admissions process different for the 3+1 Dual Degree UG
Programme with Illinois Institute of Technology?
No, the admissions process for the 3+1 Dual Degree UG
Programme is the same as the standard process. Applicants must apply through the regular
admissions portal, and eligibility for the programme is assessed based on their academic
performance, extracurricular activities, and an interview.
Will students have the option to choose the duration of transfer?
Currently, the programme is designed as a one-year transfer
option. Students will spend their fourth year at Illinois Institute of Technology,
completing the final year of their undergraduate degree as part of the 3+1 Dual Degree UG
When can the student decide if they want to opt for the 3+1 Dual
Degree UG Programme with Illinois Institute of Technology?
Students are strongly encouraged to decide on opting for the
3+1 Dual Degree UG Programme before starting their undergraduate journey at Masters’ Union.
Early confirmation ensures guaranteed seat allocation and allows for streamlined academic
planning tailored to the programme's requirements.
While students may still choose to opt for the programme during their third year,
this is subject to seat availability, which will be communicated at that time. Confirming at
the beginning ensures a smooth transition and optimal preparation for their transfer to
Will the curriculum at Illinois Tech align with what students study at
Yes, the curriculum has been designed to ensure a seamless
transfer between the institutions. Students will continue to build on the foundational and
advanced topics they study at Masters’ Union.
Can students secure internships in the US while at Illinois Tech?
Yes, students will have access to Illinois Tech’s career
services, which include internship placements, job fairs, and networking events with global
What will I graduate with at the end of the programme?
Upon completing the programme, you will be awarded a
Professional Certificate for Undergraduate Programme in Psychology & Marketing by Masters'
Union. Additionally, you will have the option to enrol in the OP Jindal Global University,
as part of which you will receive a Bachelor of Science in Psychology, provided you clear
all the exams and the eligibility criteria as set by the University.
What is the difference between the Masters' Union certification and
The Masters' Union certification in Psychology & Marketing is
an industry-integrated programme that blends behavioural science with real-world marketing
strategies. It focuses on hands-on learning through live projects, CMO mentorship, and
industry immersions. In contrast, the OP Jindal degree (BSc) is a traditional academic
qualification offered through their distance learning programme, with standard coursework
What makes the Masters’ Union Programme a better choice than earning
the same degree from OP Jindal University?
While the OP Jindal University degree provides a strong
academic foundation, the Masters’ Union programme goes far beyond. Our students secure
placements that rival India’s top B-schools, with the highest CTC at ₹61.5 LPA and an
average of ₹28.5 LPA. Leading recruiters such as Google, Zomato, BlinkIt, Zepto, and
Flipkart actively hire from our cohort.
Is there a registration fee for the OP Jindal University Degree?
Yes, in order to enrol in the Bachelor of Science in Psychology at OP Jindal Global University, students are required to pay a registration fee of Rs. 3,00,000, which is applicable for the course.
Can I still pursue the Masters' Union certification if I don’t enrol in the OP Jindal University degree?
Yes, you can still complete the Masters' Union Undergraduate Programme in Psychology & Marketing and earn the certification even if you choose not to enrol in the OP Jindal University degree.
Is the Masters' Union certification recognised internationally?
Masters' Union is a member of esteemed global academic organisations, including the European Foundation for Management Development
(EFMD) and The Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business
(AACSB), ensuring its curriculum meets high global academic standards.
Copyright @ 2026 Masters’ Union