See what students, mentors, alumni
and recruiters say about Masters'
moments that reflect our culture,
learning and community. Explore their
See how Masters’ Union is represented
platforms. Explore articles, features,
and press coverage that reflect our
journey, initiatives, and growing
impact in education, innovation, and
Explore the awards, rankings and accreditations that recognise the quality, impact
and industry relevance of Masters' Union programmes.
UG in Technology & Business Management
UG in Technology & Business Management
UG in Psychology & Marketing (Illinois
UG in Data Science & AI (Illinois Tech,
UG in Technology & Business Management
PGP in Technology and Business Management
PGP in Technology & Business Management
PGP in Human Resources & Organisation
PGP in Sports Management & Gaming
PGP in Applied AI & Agentic Systems
PGP in UI/UX & AI Product Design
PGP in Sustainability & Business Management
PGP in Capital Markets and Trading
PGP in Entrepreneurship and Business Acceleration
PGP Rise: General Management (Global)
Bloomberg Equity Research Programme
PGP Rise: Owners and Promoters Management
PGP in Entrepreneurship and Business Acceleration
As an academician, industry expert, founder, or CEO,
your expertise will prepare our students for future success.
Refine your expertise and achieve greater recognition
Train and hire top talent for your business
Get access to the campus for professional endeavours and events
Deliver lectures, lead seminars, and conduct workshops curated from
We offer a part-time/full-time research assistant to help you craft
This will be a visiting faculty engagement, with flexible hours
Be a personalised coach to students, offering guidance on career
planning and development, industry trends, job readiness, and
We help you organise one-on-one sessions, either in-person or
These can be hourly to weekly sessions, based on your availability
As a CXO, share your valuable perspectives and knowledge on tech and
business topics with students, in a one-off engagement format.
We help you engage with students through guest lectures, fireside
masterclasses, or a panel discussion
These will be one-hour sessions, based on your availability
Join us on this inspiring journey as a mentor, master or guest and together, let's empower the
next generation to achieve greatness. Your guidance will make a lasting impact
Join us on this journey as a mentor, master or guest and together, let's empower the next generation to achieve greatness.
A Master is an individual who is or has been a distinguished
or global expert in his/her area of occupation, and has made positive
and significant contributions to the world of business and society.
A Master is typically a top industry practitioner, an eminent businessman,
a veteran public leader or politician, a renowned civil servant, a public
institution head, a global technologist, a civil society changemaker,
a member of the armed forces or a distinguished academic.
I want to be involved with Masters' Union but do not wish to
You can get involved with Masters’ Union in one or more of
The CXO Shadow Program: As a CXO, one or two students get the
to shadow you at your work environment, over a stretch of time, and observe what
being an industry leader entails on a daily basis. The student(s) get to
firsthand how the industry leadership makes critical business decisions and
towards realising the visions of their respective organizations.
Master Mentor: As a Master Mentor, you can stay engaged with a
of students through a range of activities that enhance their educational
experience, including but not limited to conducting masterclasses and
storytelling sessions, sharing personal industry experience, providing
professional guidance, knowledge, advice, career opportunities and resources
to achieve specific goals underlying the student-mentor relationships at
Research Mentor at our Research Centers: As a Research Mentor
research centers, you mentor the young researchers and students of the Union to
cutting-edge research, while also identifying and crafting novel business
using the research findings that emerge from them. Research Mentors also help
and researchers find solutions to real world business problems as they exist
alongside suggesting creative ideas in the existing areas of management
know more about our Research Centers, kindly visit: Research
Entrepreneur in Residence at the Startup School: As an
Entrepreneur in Residence (EIR)
at our incubator, uniquely designed to facilitate new ventures from ideation all
to fundraising, you guide a group(s) of students to develop, launch or scale
entrepreneurial ideas and businesses, and provide immediate access to practical,
real-world experience and perspectives. This is typically done through student
interactions, masterclasses, brainstorming sessions, hands-on workshops,
industry connections, fundraising activities, and several other ways. The broad
is to sharpen and promote the entrepreneurial ideas and skills of the Masters’
Is this a full-time commitment?
The role of Master is on a visiting basis, and not a
full-time commitment. It should not be considered full-time employment for any tax-related
Can I design my own course/module? Will I be provided a
Yes. You can design your own course/module in consultation/ coordination
with the concerned team at Masters' Union, as per the programme needs and
Yes, you shall be provided a full-time or part-time postgraduate
teaching/research assistant who will help you craft and deliver the course.
Can I keep my regular job while engaging as a Master?
Since the role is on a visiting basis, you can keep your regular job while engaging as a
Master. Your engagement with the Masters’ Union does not withhold you from engaging,
directly or indirectly, in any other service or in any trade, business, vocation or
occupation either honorary or on remuneration.
What is the number of students I can expect in a class?
You can expect a class size of upto 60 students.
Is Masters' Union affiliated to a university or UGC approved?
No, Masters’ Union is not affiliated to any university and does not require UGC approval.
Masters’ Union is a completely independent education initiative run by its Founder Masters,
and does not grant a degree or diploma, but a certification course.
What is the minimum years of work experience required to become a
There is no such requirement. Your selection and engagement
done on a case by case basis and boils down to the depth of your experience
and passion for teaching. Please visit the
page to know more about the Masters who currently contribute to Masters’ Union.
No. There is no age barrier to become a Master.
Is this a paid engagement or pro bono?
An honorarium will be given for your time as per Masters’
Union’s generous compensation policy. However, you can choose to teach or engage pro bono.
Can I teach or engage pro bono or can I donate my earnings towards a
Yes! You can choose to teach or engage pro bono. The exact
scheduling will be finalized as per the programme design and needs.
Yes! You can donate your earnings towards a charity.
What benefits can I avail as a Master?
In addition to the eternal satisfaction of being a teacher and mentor to the next
generation of business professionals and entrepreneurs, it goes without saying that:
Can my agreement be renewed indefinite times?
Of course! If you and the students have a fulfilling
we would love to have you continue to teach and engage with the future batches
Copyright @ 2026 Masters’ Union