See what students, mentors, alumni
and recruiters say about Masters'
moments that reflect our culture,
learning and community. Explore their
See how Masters’ Union is represented
platforms. Explore articles, features,
and press coverage that reflect our
journey, initiatives, and growing
impact in education, innovation, and
Explore the awards, rankings and accreditations that recognise the quality, impact
and industry relevance of Masters' Union programmes.
UG in Technology & Business Management
UG in Technology & Business Management
UG in Psychology & Marketing (Illinois
UG in Data Science & AI (Illinois Tech,
UG in Technology & Business Management
PGP in Technology and Business Management
PGP in Technology & Business Management
PGP in Human Resources & Organisation
PGP in Sports Management & Gaming
PGP in Applied AI & Agentic Systems
PGP in UI/UX & AI Product Design
PGP in Sustainability & Business Management
PGP in Capital Markets and Trading
PGP in Entrepreneurship and Business Acceleration
PGP Rise: General Management (Global)
Bloomberg Equity Research Programme
PGP Rise: Owners and Promoters Management
PGP in Entrepreneurship and Business Acceleration
Your download will begin shortly.
Our team will be in touch with you shortly.
The Report will be downloaded shortly.
Feel free to write to us at ugadmissions@mastersunion.org
or call on +91 76691 86660 in case of any queries.
Feel free to write to us at ugadmissions@mastersunion.org
or call on +91 76691 86660 in case of any queries.
A 16-month full-time PGP that blends core business foundations with advanced learning in human
resources, culture, and organisational strategy.
Round 3 Deadline: 15th March '26
Early Professionals (1-5 Years)
Optional International & Domestic Immersions, LIVE
Projects & International Internships
At Masters’ Union, we believe that HR today is no longer about hiring, policies, or employee
engagement. It’s about designing organisations, scaling cultures, and building teams that drive
A programme for future HR leaders who want to shape culture, design org.
structures, and become strategic partners in driving
Learn from senior leaders who design High-impact organisations and graduate with industry and coaching certifications.
Learn from CHROs, founders, operators, and MU faculty on how to connect HR strategy with business goals through hands-on projects, sprints, and live company work.
Use interviews, analytics, and employee sentiment dashboards to
identify culture gaps, then present a transformation roadmap to early and late stage
Source candidates, design assessments, conduct interviews,
coordinate hiring panels, and drive final selections as part
of live projects with companies.
Study and craft how organisations attract the best candidates through career
social content, video assets, and conversion pipelines with real capital at
Design org. structures, hiring charters, compensation & ESOP
playbooks – present directly to founders & CHROs.
From running marketing campaigns to managing supply chains,
build your own e-commerce store and compete for revenue.
Domestic & International Immersions
Build a global perspective, learn from renowned faculty and industry leaders,
and gain first-hand exposure to international business through a two-week
immersive experience at a leading global institute.
7 co-designed industry-first courses taught by consultants and professionals from Aon
and a Capstone Project. Domestic and international internships + graduate with a
globally-recognised HR certificate from Aon.
Our course is taught by CXOs and MDs of topmost companies such
as Amazon, Airtel, PayPal, Mastercard, Swiggy, Samsung etc.
Learn how businesses grow and how people, tech, data,
and culture drive performance shaping future
HR leaders as strategic partners.
Learn from full-time faculty, CHROs and HR leaders
who build strong cultures by aligning business, tech, and people
mentorship from industry leaders
workshops and immersive projects
Focusing on Core Business Foundations
Specialisations in Human Resource & Organisation Strategy
Dedicated to live projects & consulting practice
startups, tech firms, and business leaders to gain industry experience.
Learn to use people analytics to drive
Build future-ready leadership practice
Learn from full-time faculty, CHROs and HR leaders
who build strong cultures by aligning business, tech, and people
mentorship from industry leaders
workshops and immersive projects
Focusing on Core Business Foundations
Specialisations in Human Resource & Organisation Strategy
Dedicated to live projects & consulting practice
startups, tech firms, and business leaders to gain industry experience.
Learn to use people analytics to drive
Build future-ready leadership practice
The world of work is transforming faster than ever. With AI,
hybrid teams, and global mobility reshaping organisations, HR has
of business strategy. India produces ~5
despite growing demand for leaders skilled in analytics, culture,
Globally, the CHRO is now the #2 most
The Masters’ Union PGP in Human
Resources & Organisational Systems
(HR&OS) develops future-ready HR leaders trained in
analytics, and real-world organisational design to shape the future of work.
Masters’ Union hosts 16 student-led clubs that go beyond classroom learning, helping students connect, unwind, and grow through
shared interests and hands-on experiences.
AI & Analytics Wing empowers students
to apply data-driven thinking via hands-on projects,
simulations, and case challenges.
MUCC equips students with real-world
consulting skills through case prep, live projects, and
CommerceX explores operations, supply
chains, and efficiency through workshops, speaker
Sports Club fosters fitness, unity,
and resilience through campus sports and represents MU
with pride at intercollege tournaments.
The Creators Club unites students
passionate about content and storytelling to
collaborate, experiment, and create impactful ideas.
The Socio-Cultural Club celebrates
art, culture, and community through vibrant events and
performances that go beyond the classroom.
The FinTech Club explores innovations
shaping modern finance through industry talks and
projects that build practical understanding.
The club supports students aiming for
Founder’s Office and Chief of Staff roles through
engaging, gamified learning and guided practice.
B2B Club empowers students to explore
MSMEs and family businesses, highlighting sectors beyond
TBC Club builds a hands-on community
exploring blockchain, digital assets, and Web3 through
interactive workshops and discussions.
The PM Club builds future product
leaders who bridge business, design, and tech through
strategy sessions and hands-on projects.
Marketing Society helps students
learn and experiment with brand strategy, consumer
insights, and storytelling in action.
EdTech Club drives innovation in
learning by exploring how technology transforms
education and the startup ecosystem.
SEWA Club drives student-led social
impact and community work, inspiring members to give
back beyond academics and careers.
Belong builds a culture of empathy
and inclusion at MU, creating a safe space where every
student feels seen, supported, and connected.
Shastra Club brings ancient Indian
knowledge to life, exploring how timeless ideas can
shape modern leadership and management.
Shastra Club brings ancient Indian
knowledge to life, exploring how timeless ideas can
shape modern leadership and management.
Shastra Club brings ancient Indian
knowledge to life, exploring how timeless ideas can
shape modern leadership and management.
Highlighting the impact our students and institution make across
admissions.hros@mastersunion.org
Experience the excellence of our student community - a
glimpse into what you can achieve here.
Join diverse clubs to connect, collaborate, and grow
Discover how our students learn
Build core business skills in economics, finance, marketing, and
communication to lead people strategy with a strong business perspective.
Learn strategy, analytics, and operations through hands-on problem
solving and live simulations of workforce and organisational decisions.
Develop expertise across people analytics, employment law, HR tech,
and organisational design to influence enterprise-level decisions.
People Strategy and Change Leadership
Develop strong capabilities in people strategy and change leadership
to build agile, high-performing organisations that drive measurable business
Strategic HR Leadership and Future of Work
Develop strategic HR leadership capabilities to design future-ready
organisations powered by data, technology, and agile workforce models.
Live Industry Project/Internship/ICF Coaching Certification
Work directly with industry leaders to design and deliver impactful
people and change initiatives across organisations.
Our Immersion Programs offer students hands-on exposure to leading business
practices in India and around the world. Structured around thematic tracks, students
choose their focus area and gain industry experience, real-world insights, and
Business management meets hands-on experience, giving you
real-world skills that truly stand out.
Learn how strategy meets innovation through 4 sessions on
Blue Ocean Strategy, 3 on sustainable innovation, & 3 on stakeholder
engagement along with company visits to Schneider Electric, Rungis Market,
and leading Paris-based startups.
Dive into Singapore’s startup ecosystem through 10
sessions on entrepreneurship & venture capital, 5 on blockchain &
digital finance, & 5 on AI & innovation, complemented by company visits
Discover how ventures grow from idea to impact through
sessions on entrepreneurship, innovation, & leadership, with company
visits to Boston’s leading startups & accelerators.
Gain a global perspective through 6 sessions on strategy
and decision-making, 4 on innovation & tech, & 4 on sustainability.
Company visits to Dallara Automobili & a balsamic vinegar producer in
Master the dynamics of venture capital & AI-driven
business through 2 sessions on growth strategies & 3 on AI & business,
complemented by company visits to leading Singapore-based enterprises.
Discover the future of sustainable business through 3
sessions on sustainability & ESG, 2 on innovation & design thinking, &
1 on creative leadership, plus company visits to Morgan Motors & leading
Experience Berlin’s vibrant innovation landscape through 3
sessions on entrepreneurship, 2 on digital marketing, & 2 on mobility &
smart industries, with exclusive company visits to Sony, BMW Motorradwerke,
Foster School of Business (USA)
Learn the art of AI-led transformation through 2 sessions
on AI and technology, 2 on automation & markets, & 1 on leadership, plus
company visits to Boeing & Starbucks & a case challenge.
We believe that the best classrooms have no walls and with our
Bharat Immersion, you’ll spend Term 3 traveling across India,
meeting entrepreneurs, factories, and markets that move the
nation. You earn credits as you learn how business is done on the
From Chandni Chowk in Delhi to Adani Enterprises in
Dharma Productions in Mumbai to the distilleries in Goa– this is
trace retail heritage, explore D2C
brands, experience Parliament, ECI,
explore agriculture manufacturing at Sonalika, attend 5 CXO sessions and
witness large-scale education at LPU.
Solar, tour Amul's dairy factory, engage with
Unravel what goes behind iconic names like Dharma, the
Dabbawalas and Godrej, gain financial insights
Cordelia, explore iron mines and a Feni distillery, and immerse in
Fado music, Portuguese culture,
visit Darjeeling tea estates to
The immersions listed are indicative and may change based on partner availability and
From Chandni Chowk in Delhi to Adani Enterprises in Ahmedabad.
Dharma Productions in Mumbai to the distilleries in Goa – this is
trace retail heritage, explore D2C
brands, experience Parliament, ECI, NDMA
manufactures, how NIVIA went global,
explore agriculture manufacturing at Sonalika,
witness large-scale education at LPU.
Unravel what goes behind iconic names like Dharma, the
Dabbawalas and Godrej, gain financial insights from RBI, BSE/NSE, and HDFC
Cordelia, explore iron mines and a Feni
distillery, and immerse in Fado
music, Portuguese culture, and Goa's
aerospace innovation and understand how
IT services became India's largest
visit Darjeeling tea estates to learn
The immersions listed are indicative and may change based on partner availability and
Business management meets hands-on experience, giving you
real-world skills that truly stand out.
Experience how Cars24 is transforming India’s used-car
market through data, technology, & customer trust.
Step inside India’s leading logistics tech startup
powering the D2C revolution & learn how innovation fuels e-commerce growth
Witness how Nivia built an Indian sports brand competing
globally through innovation in manufacturing, branding, & grassroots
Learn by building AI applications to solve real world problems
e-commerce, healthcare, education and
an AI tool development in sem 1 followed by real-world
Exhibit at the World's Largest Trade
Visit the epicentre of global trade, meet 10
suppliers from more than 150 countries, and strike deals to
Discover how Fortune 500 companies and
reshaping the GCC region. Visit giants like Emirates and Aramco,
and engage with executives driving innovation.
Bachelor’s degree (any), Fresh Graduates (0–11 months) & Early Professionals
Scores in Masters’ Union MU-BAAT test, or submit scores in CAT/GMAT.
Applications would be evaluated for extra
curricular achievements and projects.
We will assess these qualities through application details, in-person or online
who want to go beyond traditional roles- passionate about building culture, shaping
organisations, and driving business outcomes.
seeking to strengthen their strategic, analytical, and people leadership skills.
interested in people analytics, organisation design, and leveraging data and
technology to solve workforce challenges.
Your application is more than just a form—it’s your first pitch to the admissions team.
In this student-led video, Yashovardhan, a senior at Masters’ Union, shares the ultimate
blueprint to crafting a stellar application—from structuring essays to avoiding common
Your latest resume - Applicants are allowed to choose their
own format (needs to be clear and concise). Feel
Your qualification documents - Upload all documents related
to your work experience, academics and
extra-curriculars to support your application.
Upload your CAT/GMAT/GMAT Focus score
CAT/GMAT/GMAT Focus scores in your application.
(Masters’ Union Business Aptitude & Admissions Test)
(Masters’ Union Business Aptitude & Admissions Test)
About the Online Scholarship Test
Applicants who do not have a valid CAT or GMAT score (or if you feel
your score does not reflect your true
potential) are required to take the
MU-BAAT. If you have submitted a CAT or GMAT
with it, then you are not required to take the MU-BAAT.
The MU-BAAT is designed to evaluate:
Your communication and business aptitude
Clarity of thought and idea structuring
Creative and analytical thinking
You record your responses online and do not need any prior
preparation. Think of the questions as a
conversation with the Masters’ Union team that helps us understand
9 questions divided into 5 sections. The test starts with a simple,
fun question and gradually moves
to questions focused on your story, motivation, creativity, and
analytical thinking. You will receive short
After you submit the application and pay the application fee, our
admissions team will evaluate your profile
and invite you to take the MU-BAAT. You will receive a link from us
typically 1-2 weeks after you submit your
application. You will then have 14 days to take the test.
If you could shadow any business leader for one day, who
would it be and what would you aim to learn?
A D2C skincare brand increased their ad spend, but average
order value fell 20%, while new users grew.
Schedule In-Person Marketing Simulation
Schedule In-Person Marketing Simulation
About In-Person Business Simulation and Interview
evaluation, shortlisted applicants will receive an invitation to
If selected, applicants will be informed of the interview
date, venue, and time 3–5 days prior to the interview.
The interviews will be conducted by distinguished faculty
members and seasoned industry leaders.
Based on the final decision of the admissions
committee, applicants will be slotted into the
Applicants who have been offered admission to Masters’ Union
will receive their decision along with the
financial structure for the upcoming programme.
For applicants who are waitlisted, the admissions committee
will reconvene and promote candidates from
the waitlisted to the accepted pool, on a regular basis.
Please note that we do not maintain a ranked
waitlist. Your admission is dependent on the spots that
If you’ve received a rejection email, you cannot apply in any
subsequent round in the same academic year.
You are welcome to re-apply to the programme in the next
GST will not be applicable on tuition and admission fees,
as we are registered with the National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC).
Hostel is non-mandatory & not included in the tuition fees.
Maximum merit-based programme fee received by a student.
Scholarships available for the postgraduate batch.
Loan coverage for the programme fee.
The Manoj Kohli Merit-based Scholarship extends financial support to
candidates with exceptional academic records and professional accomplishments. These
scholarships are offered as partial waivers of the tuition fee, as decided by the
The Rajni Thethi Scholarship for Women extends support to deserving
female candidates with impressive academic and/or professional track record, along
with the drive and potential to emerge as an industry leader.
The Chairman’s Diversity Scholarship aims at the inclusion of
exceptional candidates from marginalised and underserved communities from the Indian
subcontinent, such as the Northeast, Ladakh, Bhutan, and the tribal belts of the
The MU Scholarship for Technology Leaders is for candidates who have
demonstrated technology-oriented leadership either as students or in their jobs,
through innovations, patents or research, and are looking to further their career
prospects in the technology domain.
The P. Dwarakanath India-bound Scholarship is directed at
Indian-origin candidates (i.e. PIO card-holders) who wish to engage with the Indian
corporate sector, as well as Indian professionals currently based abroad, who wish
to return to India to pursue world-class education and catapult their careers to
The Pankaj Bansal Scholarship for Young Leaders aims to identify
young professionals who have displayed exceptional drive and leadership potential
through their professional projects, community service and active participation in
student-led committees, clubs, and other initiatives while in college.
The Founders’ Bursary for Entrepreneurs funds candidates who have had
entrepreneurial experience, with varying levels of success, and wish to gain more
skills and academic perspectives to carry on with their line of work.
The Siblings Scholarship offers financial support to candidates who
have siblings in the current or previous cohorts of Masters’ Union. This scholarship
recognises the continued trust placed in us by families and celebrates their shared
journey within the Masters’ Union community. Awards are offered as partial waivers
of the tuition fee, as decided by the admissions committee.
The Bharat Innovators Scholarship is aimed at young Indian
entrepreneurs from non-metropolitan towns and villages who have launched a startup
or built a minimum viable product (MVP). This scholarship supports grassroots
innovators looking to scale their ventures while gaining access to world-class
education, mentorship, and a thriving startup ecosystem.
The Manoj Kohli Merit-based Scholarship extends financial support
to candidates with exceptional academic records and professional
accomplishments. These scholarships are offered as partial waivers of the
tuition fee, as decided by the admissions committee.
The Rajni Thethi Scholarship for Women extends support to
deserving female candidates with impressive academic and/or professional track
record, along with the drive and potential to emerge as an industry leader.
The Chairman’s Diversity Scholarship aims at the inclusion of
exceptional candidates from marginalised and underserved communities from the
Indian subcontinent, such as the Northeast, Ladakh, Bhutan, and the tribal belts
The MU Scholarship for Technology Leaders is for candidates who
have demonstrated technology-oriented leadership either as students or in their
jobs, through innovations, patents or research, and are looking to further their
career prospects in the technology domain.
The P. Dwarakanath India-bound Scholarship is directed at
Indian-origin candidates (i.e. PIO card-holders) who wish to engage with the
Indian corporate sector, as well as Indian professionals currently based abroad,
who wish to return to India in pursuit of a world-class education, that may help
catapult their careers to newer heights.
The Pankaj Bansal Scholarship for Young Leaders aims to identify
young professionals who have displayed exceptional drive and leadership
potential through their professional projects, community service and active
participation in student-led committees, clubs, and other initiatives while in
The Founders’ Bursary for Entrepreneurs funds candidates who have
had entrepreneurial experience, with varying levels of success, and wish to gain
more skills and academic perspectives to carry on with their line of work.
The Siblings Scholarship offers financial support to candidates
who have siblings in the current or previous cohorts of Masters’ Union. This
scholarship recognises the continued trust placed in us by families and
celebrates their shared journey within the Masters’ Union community. Awards are
offered as partial waivers of the tuition fee, as decided by the admissions
The Bharat Innovators Scholarship is aimed at young Indian
entrepreneurs from non-metropolitan towns and villages who have launched a
startup or built a minimum viable product (MVP). This scholarship supports
grassroots innovators looking to scale their ventures while gaining access to
world-class education, mentorship, and a thriving startup ecosystem.
The following financial institutions can provide loans for
Tuition Fees + Living Expenses (No Margin
Available Under Section 80E of Income Tax Act
Tuition, Living & Miscellaneous Expenses
Unsecured - Based on Customer profile
College Related and Expenses Details
Starting at 13.00%** P.A. (Floating Rate
13.00 % Fixed during Moratorium
Secured - Starts at 9% p.a. Unsecured -
Tuition Fee + Travel Expenses + Living
Upto 30 Lacs ( Collateral Free)
Upto ₹50 Lakhs (Unsecured Loan)
Tuition fees, living expenses, and other
miscellaneous expenses (e.g., laptop, etc.)
0.25% - 0.75% of the loan amount
EMI/SI or partial interest repayment.
Any scholarship availed by a student is only applicable to 3 Years at Masters’ Union
The following financial institutions can provide loans for
up to 100% of the programme fees to the admitted students.
Tuition fees + Living expenses (No Margin
Available Under Section 80E of Income Tax Act
Tuition, Living & Miscellaneous Expenses
Unsecured - Based on Customer profile
College Related & Expenses Details
Upto ₹50 Lakhs (Unsecured Loan)
Tuition fees, living expenses, and other
miscellaneous expenses (e.g., laptop, etc.)
0.25% - 0.75% of the loan amount
EMI/SI or partial interest repayment.
Any scholarship availed by a student is only applicable to 3 Years at Masters’ Union
People Operations & Culture Roles
Opportunities in People Ops, culture building, and HR
Roles in employer branding, L&D, talent
strategy, and organisational development in large companies.
programmes and CHRO office roles across top
consulting within Big 4 and specialised boutique firms.
Projects focused on HR tech systems, digital
transformation, and workforce redesign.
Experience in digital HR solutions, structure
redesign, and change management.
A focused track for HR and organisational strategy
Guidance from CHROs, consultants, and founders
Develop competencies in people analytics, change management,
Our placement reports are audited by Brickworks, auditor for
Ahmedabad, and follow the IPRS Revision 2.2 framework for transparent and consistent compensation data. Know more
Marking strong compensation figures
Students joined full-time roles before the penultimate term
Average CTC for Top 25% of the Cohort
Our placement reports are audited by Brickworks, auditor
IIM Ahmedabad, and follow the IPRS Revision 2.2 framework for transparent and consistent compensation data. Know more
components and stock options (vesting in Year 1 only)
STARTUPS founded by mu students
Coverage and features highlighting Masters’ Union across leading media
Gain insights on how businesses are built across different
Dr. Edward Rogers, NASA Veteran
brings his simulation-driven curriculum to teach the art of
Navigate the high-voltage opportunities in the electric
vehicle industry with Mr. Naveen
Varun Mayya, Entrepreneur & Content Creator
Discover the impact of Gen-AI on content creation & how you can leverage AI to transform your
Karan Johar, Filmmaker & Entrepreneur
Learn how India’s top filmmaker built Dharma navigating budgets, box office risks, the business
Survive early-stage chaos, time your launch right & build a ₹100 crore business without chasing
The world of work is transforming faster than ever. With AI,
hybrid teams, and global mobility reshaping organisations, HR has
of business strategy. India produces ~5
despite growing demand for leaders skilled in analytics, culture,
Resources & Organisational Systems
(HR&OS) develops future-ready HR leaders trained in
analytics, and real-world organisational design to shape the future of work.
Experience the excellence of our student community - a
glimpse into what you can achieve here.
Join diverse clubs to connect, collaborate, and grow
Discover how our students learn
A Day in Life of Masters’ Union Student
Experience the classes, the grind, the campus & the hostel-a
Experiences Outside the Classroom
Watch Abhay Shenoy, First VP of Fests from UG Class of 2027,
share glimpses of life beyond academics.
Explore Our Career-focused Clubs
Dive into the energy of Career Clubs: Data, Consulting,
Finance, Tech & Product Management.
Sports Culture at Masters’ Union
A holistic student experience fueled by football, cricket,
Meet the UG Student Fraternities
Watch the clash of fraternities–Netflix, Meta, Amazon &
Google battle it out in the Inter-Frat competition.
Leadership and Teamwork in Action
Watch our student captains drive competitive spirit over a
Path to Building the Next Big Thing
Experience hands-on learning & innovation at the Startup
High Bootcamp at Masters’ Union.
admissions.hros@mastersunion.org
A 16-month, practitioner-led program to learn business by running one.
Includes internship and domestic + global immersions
On Campus (Opt-in Residential Available)
2–5 Years of Work Experience Preferred
16 Months (Includes 3-Month Internship)
A new 24-month program to build foundational skills in business and tech
through practical learning and global exposure
On Campus (Opt-in Residential Available)
24 Months (Includes 3-Month Internship, Domestic & International Immersions)
Build a career in sports, esports, and gaming with Masters’ Union’s PGP in Sports Management & Gaming. Learn the business of gaming from industry leaders.
Full Time On Campus (Opt-in residential)
Undergrad (in any discipline), 0 – early career professionals
16 Months (Including Live Projects, International & Domestic Immersions)
What is a PG Programme in Human Resources & Organisation Strategy
A 16-month full-time postgraduate programme blending Masters’
Union’s business foundation with hands-on specialisations in human capital, organisational
design, leadership, and people analytics.
What will I learn in the Programme?
Learn to build people strategies, design organisations, and
lead talent in a fast-changing business environment. Learn directly from top faculty, CHROs,
CXOs, and founders through live case studies, mentorship, and industry-led workshops. Our
“learn by doing” curriculum shapes future HR leaders at the intersection of people,
strategy, culture, and analytics.
The curriculum spans 8 terms across 16 months
Terms 1–2 building core business foundations
Terms 3–5 mastering human resources & organisation strategy
Term 6-8: Capstone and consulting projects with real organisations
What will be the batch size of the class?
We will limit the batch size to a maximum of 60 students to
ensure personalised learning, close mentorship from masters, and a highly effective
What is the eligibility criteria?
The PGP in Human Resources & Organisation
Strategy is open to candidates who have completed their undergraduate degree or will
graduate by April 2026 onwards. Ideal applicants include fresh graduates, early-career
professionals (0–5 years), and professionals aspiring to build careers in people, culture,
Now (tag the application now link) on our website, complete the online application
form, and our admissions team will reach out to you at the earliest possible time.
Are scholarships available for the PGP HR&OS programme?
Yes, scholarships are available for
candidates with strong leadership potential, prior people management exposure, and
demonstrated impact in organisational or HR-related initiatives
How can I avail the scholarship?
While completing your application, you can
express interest in available scholarships. Shortlisted candidates will be asked to submit
supporting documents or short essays to confirm their eligibility.
If an application has been unsuccessful, may they reapply in the next
No, candidates cannot reapply in the next
round. They may reapply for the next intake in the following academic year by submitting a
new online application. It’s advisable to do so only if there have been significant updates
or improvements to their profile since the previous application.
Will I get to network with Industry leaders?
Yes, you will learn and engage with top
faculties, CHROs, people leaders, founders, and CXOs across diverse industries.
Can I work on my own startup ideas during the programme?
Absolutely. The programme fosters
entrepreneurial thinking and provides ample opportunities to apply classroom and immersion
learnings to your own ventures.
Are the fees refunded in case applicants decide to drop out of the
Fees once paid are non-refundable.
Masters’ Union reserves the right to modify this refund policy at any time without prior
Are the fees refunded in case applicants decide to drop out of the
Fees once paid are non-refundable.
Masters’ Union reserves the right to modify this refund policy at any time without prior
Can applicants defer my admission offer from Masters' Union to the
At present, we do not offer the option to
defer admission. Candidates unable to join the programme this year are encouraged to reapply
Copyright @ 2026 Masters’ Union