See what students, mentors, alumni
and recruiters say about Masters'
moments that reflect our culture,
learning and community. Explore their
See how Masters’ Union is represented
platforms. Explore articles, features,
and press coverage that reflect our
journey, initiatives, and growing
impact in education, innovation, and
Explore the awards, rankings and accreditations that recognise the quality, impact
and industry relevance of Masters' Union programmes.
UG in Technology & Business Management
UG in Technology & Business Management
UG in Psychology & Marketing (Illinois
UG in Data Science & AI (Illinois Tech,
UG in Technology & Business Management
PGP in Technology and Business Management
PGP in Technology & Business Management
PGP in Human Resources & Organisation
PGP in Sports Management & Gaming
PGP in Applied AI & Agentic Systems
PGP in UI/UX & AI Product Design
PGP in Sustainability & Business Management
PGP in Capital Markets and Trading
PGP in Entrepreneurship and Business Acceleration
PGP Rise: General Management (Global)
Bloomberg Equity Research Programme
PGP Rise: Owners and Promoters Management
PGP in Entrepreneurship and Business Acceleration
Get in on the action with business clubs like marketing, fintech,
unleash your creative side through art and recreation clubs—ranging
from music and comedy to literature
Student clubs across business, tech & culture
Thriving community of mentors and students
The Consulting Club sharpens your skills with hands-on
workshops, insider insights, and top-notch mentorship—giving you the
The Data Science Club fuels innovation with hands-on workshops, empowering
students to master data and drive impactful change.
The club is your playground for marketing innovation—explore, learn, and
connect with industry leaders and creative minds to create real-world
The club propels finance enthusiasts to conquer global markets, craft
cutting-edge strategies, and build a winning financial future.
This club is your launchpad for success—validate ideas, build business plans,
and network with the startup world through workshops and mentorship.
Dive into the tech fast lane, as you explore trends, gain hands-on skills,
and tackle live projects for a front-row seat to innovation.
Join the club and lead the charge for a greener future—tackle
climate change, explore eco-friendly careers, and dive into India’s booming
TBC is your tech playground! Dive into AI, ML, VR, and AR with dynamic
sessions, meetups, and roundtables—where the future of tech unfolds.
The club turns product mastery into a daily adventure, becoming the ultimate
hub for top talent and groundbreaking ideas.
The FOCOS Group fuels future startup leaders with workshops, case
competitions, and networking events—where innovation and connections ignite.
The club is your playground for marketing innovation—explore, learn, and
connect with industry leaders and creative minds to create real-world
Outliers (The Data Club) takes data science to the next level—learn,
collaborate, and tackle real-world problems with cutting-edge techniques.
SEWA drives global change with initiatives like food
donations, health camps, and vital discussions, all aimed at fostering
The TasteMasters' Club celebrates global flavours and cultures, bringing
students together for delicious bites, networking, and fun-filled foodie
The Comedy Club delivers laughs, sparks creativity, and boosts confidence
with stand-up, improv, and roast battles—where every show is a riot!
B-well champions physical and mental wellness, shatters stigmas, and
builds a supportive community where well-being thrives.
The Sports Club kicks off excitement with thrilling events, from college
rivalries to faculty showdowns, all while boosting camaraderie and team
The Socio-Cultural Club brings diversity and tradition to life with
vibrant events, uniting students and creating unforgettable memories.
The Dramatix Theatre Club takes the spotlight with thrilling
productions, from timeless classics to fresh originals, giving students
their moment to shine on stage.
Groove Junction gets you moving with electrifying workshops in hip-hop,
contemporary, salsa, and jazz—where every step is a new adventure.
This club hits all the right notes, letting students explore everything
from classic rock to indie, jazz, hip-hop, and beyond.
Intellectual Nexus sparks deep dives into literature, theory, and
culture, creating a vibrant space for thought-provoking discussions and
Sports Titans brings the action with something for everyone—basketball,
soccer, volleyball, tennis, swimming, and track and field.
Join the Fine Arts Club and unleash your creativity! Be part of a vibrant
hub that enriches campus life and the community with stunning artistic
Jump into campus clubs, activities, and virtual connections that spark growth and
transformative experiences. Join our MU Virtual Clubs on Discord and Zoom for epic
The Prevention of Sexual Harassment (POSH) Committee at Masters’ Union takes
proactive measures to prevent and address instances of sexual harassment, ensuring a safe
and respectful environment for all students. Applicable to every enrolled student, this
committee plays a crucial role in fostering a culture of dignity and wellbeing.
The PR Committee keeps the entire Masters’ Union community updated on what's
happening in and around. They serve as a 24/7 update on what Masters’ Union is bringing to
The Moderator Committee plays a crucial role in ensuring the smooth and
effective execution of guest lectures, presentations, or other informational sessions.
Responsibilities include inviting speakers, managing session logistics, moderating Q&A
The Placement Committee serves as a guiding force behind facilitating successful
career placements for Masters’ Union students. By harnessing the collective expertise and resources of
both, the institution and its students, the committee accelerates and strengthens the placement process.
The Fest Committee is solely dedicated to organising the annual fest
"UnMute," a vibrant celebration that unites students from diverse backgrounds. It
coordinates every aspect of the event, from planning to execution and ensures that UnMute
becomes a platform for collaboration, creativity, and cultural exchange.
The Student Cultural Council, comprising
Fraternities, plays a pivotal role in fostering a community of peer learning and
cultural enrichment. This council, overseen and supported by the Student Affairs team, is
dedicated to enhancing students' experiences and cultural activities.
The Fraternity Committee is entrusted with the responsibility of competing
for and winning prestigious awards, as they strategize and hone their skills to excel in
competitions throughout the academic year.
The committee diligently oversees various aspects of hostel life, ranging
from accommodation arrangements to amenities management, safety protocols, and fostering a
sense of community among residents. Through regular inspections, feedback mechanisms, and
collaboration with hostel management, the committee strives to address any concerns promptly
and enhance the overall living experience.
The Masters' Union Innovation Lab (MUIL) is dedicated to fostering an
entrepreneurial spirit and innovation among students. It offers a dynamic platform where
current students can lead and mentor aspiring entrepreneurs in developing, testing, and
launching their startup ideas. Through a series of impactful events, including Startup
Weekends, the High School Startup League (HSSL), New Age Skill Camps, and Winter Camps, MUIL
empowers the next generation of innovators.
The Admission Fellows Council serves as a pivotal ambassador of Masters’
Union on a national scale, engaging with students in various cities, schools, and events.
Collaborating closely with the Masters’ Union Undergraduate Admissions team, the council
plays an essential role in enhancing the aspiring students’ experience across all events,
such as Student Orientation, CEO Challenge, Startup Weekend, and
Networking Mixers guiding aspiring students in understanding the vibrant life at
To keep students engaged in daily activities and to
promptly, one Vice President from the senior-most year (2nd
year) and two Academic Representatives
from each section are chosen in the first quarter of the academic year.
The Student Career Council at Masters’ Union
consists of 5 Career Clubs and Masters’ Union Innovation Lab (MUIL)
that are student-led committees focussed on organising engaging events and
activities to empower students with the skills and resources necessary to succeed in their
chosen career fields. Participating in student-led events helps students gain knowledge,
leadership skills, problem-solving abilities, and more.
Copyright @ 2026 Masters’ Union