See what students, mentors, alumni
and recruiters say about Masters'
moments that reflect our culture,
learning and community. Explore their
See how Masters’ Union is represented
platforms. Explore articles, features,
and press coverage that reflect our
journey, initiatives, and growing
impact in education, innovation, and
Explore the awards, rankings and accreditations that recognise the quality, impact
and industry relevance of Masters' Union programmes.
UG in Technology & Business Management
UG in Technology & Business Management
UG in Psychology & Marketing (Illinois
UG in Data Science & AI (Illinois Tech,
UG in Technology & Business Management
PGP in Technology and Business Management
PGP in Technology & Business Management
PGP in Human Resources & Organisation
PGP in Sports Management & Gaming
PGP in Applied AI & Agentic Systems
PGP in UI/UX & AI Product Design
PGP in Sustainability & Business Management
PGP in Capital Markets and Trading
PGP in Entrepreneurship and Business Acceleration
PGP Rise: General Management (Global)
Bloomberg Equity Research Programme
PGP Rise: Owners and Promoters Management
PGP in Entrepreneurship and Business Acceleration
You've successfully registered.
For any queries please contact us at admissions@mastersunion.org
A data-backed approach to experiential education.
From Leading Global Institutions
Domestic & International Immersions
Top roles, disruptive startups and industry-leading firms-
See where our graduates landed.
Build an e-commerce store, master sourcing, sales and
digital marketing, and generate 1Cr+ in revenue in just 4 months.
Participate in Masters’ Union proprietary venture building
sprint — from ideation to launch, designed to build high-potential startups
Pitch your startup to our internal partner network
with investors from Elevation Capital, Accel, InfoEdge Ventures, Peak XV and
real problems, pitch to leadership and have a shot at placements.
live projects with international firms
startups, crypto, real estate, and commodities.
Meet 50+ operators, visit India's biggest factories, and
gain insights from the likes of Physics Wallah
At Masters’ Union, our faculty are not just teachers — they are industry leaders driving real-world change.
Dr. Nandini Seth - Professor, Masters’ Union, on TRS with Ranveer Allahbadia
How to Build a Profitable Company in India
Rajiv Gupta - Chair, School of Family Business, on Figuring It Out with Raj
Leaders and entrepreneurs sharing real-world insights
Dedicated educators shaping core learning
Professors from Harvard, Stanford and Wharton
Leaders and entrepreneurs sharing real-world insights
Dedicated educators shaping core learning
Professors from Harvard, Stanford and Wharton
Adjunct Professor, Supply Chain & Operations
Mr. Daniel Garett Van Der Vliet
Adjunct Professor, Enterprise Risk Management
Associate Professor of Marketing
At Masters' Union, your classroom is powered by Ivy League academics and
global business leaders — from Harvard to McKinsey, from Wharton to Google. Our Masters don't
just teach the playbook. They wrote it.
Our mentorship platform, provides access to 500+ mentors for
Prep for interviews, get feedback
Mentors are available, in most cases, within an hour for
A data-backed report on student startups, covering valuation, revenue, funding, and market traction.
Shark Tank India exclusively partners with
Masters’ Union to spotlight top college and school startups in its Campus Special
If you’re a school or college student, apply now to pitch for the Shark
Click below to submit your application.
Real Entrepreneurs, Real Pitches, Masters’ Union students on India's Biggest Startup Stage,
Bullspree is building India's favourite stock market
Bullspree is building India's favourite stock market
Hive School is building India's first Sales School
Hive School is building India's first Sales School
Memotag is building an AI-driven wearable for dementia care
Memotag is building an AI-driven wearable for dementia care
Nexera Health is redefining workplace wellness for employees
Nexera Health is redefining workplace wellness for employees
Bullspree is building India’s favourite stock market playground
Hive School is building India’s first Sales School
Memotag is building an AI-driven wearable for dementia care
Nexera Health is redefining workplace wellness for employees
Watch our students Shubham Khatri and Vansh
Miglani pitching their startup Seeds AI to the investment committee at InfoEdge
From idea to execution, a sneak peek into the businesses incubated at Masters' Union.
Speak directly with current Masters’ Union students to understand
the academic experience, outcomes, and career pathways.
B.Tech, Manipal Institute of Technology
B.Tech, GL Bajaj Institute of Technology
B.Tech, National Institute of Technology,
B.E., BMS College of Engineering
B.Tech, Vellore Institute of Technology
B.E., The Netaji Subhas University of
Mapping the Future of Energy Sector
How Startups are Changing the World
Understanding Statistics for Business
Product Strategy and Innovation
How Do Financial Markets Work and Derivatives
The Science of Building Effective Teams
Understanding Organisational Behaviour
Marketing and Retail Analytics (with KNIME)
Fundamentals of Corporate Finance
Located in a vibrant business district with top
recruiters such as BCG, EY, Gartner just an elevator ride away, Masters' Union boasts of a
Located in a vibrant business district with top
recruiters such as BCG, EY, Gartner just an elevator ride away, Masters' Union boasts of a
Experience the excellence of our student community - a
glimpse into what you can achieve here.
Discover your passion and forge
our clubs work and how you can participate.
Experience the excellence of our student community - a
glimpse into what you can achieve here.
Discover your passion and forge
our clubs work and how you can participate.
Copyright @ 2026 Masters’ Union