See what students, mentors, alumni
and recruiters say about Masters'
moments that reflect our culture,
learning and community. Explore their
See how Masters’ Union is represented
platforms. Explore articles, features,
and press coverage that reflect our
journey, initiatives, and growing
impact in education, innovation, and
Explore the awards, rankings and accreditations that recognise the quality, impact
and industry relevance of Masters' Union programmes.
UG in Technology & Business Management
UG in Technology & Business Management
UG in Psychology & Marketing (Illinois
UG in Data Science & AI (Illinois Tech,
UG in Technology & Business Management
PGP in Technology and Business Management
PGP in Technology & Business Management
PGP in Human Resources & Organisation
PGP in Sports Management & Gaming
PGP in Applied AI & Agentic Systems
PGP in UI/UX & AI Product Design
PGP in Sustainability & Business Management
PGP in Capital Markets and Trading
PGP in Entrepreneurship and Business Acceleration
PGP Rise: General Management (Global)
Bloomberg Equity Research Programme
PGP Rise: Owners and Promoters Management
PGP in Entrepreneurship and Business Acceleration
Your download will begin shortly.
Career Reset Programme for Mid-Career Professionals
Study at the prestigious INSEAD France
campus, immerse yourself in French business culture, and build a global network.
Personalised leadership coaching from experts of top institutes, who have mentored CXOs of
Former Chief Knowledge Officer, NASA
Executive Director, BYU Marriott School of
Sales Systems Consultant,Choucair Group SAL
Professor of Management, Purdue University
Adjunct Professor of Business, New York
Associate Professor, University of Southern
*The final list of coaches may vary depending on
their availability and programme requirements.
Run a real e-commerce business, design your website, launch marketing campaigns, and compete for real
Take your startup from 0 to 1 by brainstorming ideas, perfecting your prototype, pitching, and securing funding.
TRANSFORMATIVE LEARNING JOURNEY
Explore global business with C-suite
interactions, visits to top firms
and workshops at elite B-schools.
Begin your transformative 12-month experience with an orientation that
connects you with the brightest minds including
peers, faculty and industry leaders.
Go behind the scenes at headquarters of companies like
Emirates, Aramco, Talabat and DU Mobile, and learn how they
navigate the global marketplace.
Study abroad at INSEAD France and
master the art of leadership through classroom learning and hands-on
Learn from CXOs and MDs at Bain,
McKinsey, and academicians from
Edward Rogers, who taught NASA astronauts, brings his simulation-driven curriculum to teach
the art of managing complexities.
Learn through interactive games, debates, and in-depth case studies with
Dive into the science behind building
effective teams. Discover how to create synergy, enhance
communication, and lead your team to success!
Personalised guidance, mentorship, and skill-building workshops. Our career advisory
team empowers you at every step.
Level up in your current role with
career strategy & personal branding
workshops designed to give you the tools needed to make that happen.
Make that switch and transition to a new
industry or function by exploring new roles, leveraging
exclusive mentorship & industry-specific workshops!
Your next gig could be your own! Explore entrepreneurial
opportunities during or after the programme by
connecting with VCs and unlocking funding to launch your
pgpriseadmissions@mastersunion.org
Working Hours - Monday- Saturday, 11:00 am- 7:00 pm IST
Why is PGP Rise: General Management (Global) a great fit for
Each aspect of the programme has been designed to help
learners stay competitive in a dynamic market. The flexible format accommodates busy
schedules while the business challenges and practitioner led classes ensure learners
can immediately apply what they learn. Tailored mentorship addresses individual
growth areas ensuring leadership readiness. Ultimately, learners are primed to drive
change in their chosen profession.
How does PGP Rise: General Management (Global) ensure learners
With 100% industry led classes, learners get
cutting-edge insight to industry practices. Immersions to global markets keep
learners at the forefront of innovation and shifts in the business landscape.
Furthermore, tailored coaching guides learners through market changes. The
programme’s dynamic learning methodology ensures learners are prepared for the
What if an applicant cannot attend a residency?
We would urge all learners to attend the residencies
in-person, however, they can join virtually if they are unable to attend.
How much time off will an applicant need for the immersions?
Applicants will need about 11 days of leave throughout the course of the
We are looking for executives who exhibit leadership qualities with a zeal to
stay ahead in a competitive business environment.
How many years of experience do applicants need
experience to apply for the programme. In case any applicant has lesser work
feel free to reach out to the admissions team who will evaluate their profile and
Is there an age limit for entry?
There is no age limit for entry.
the programme is more suitable for candidates with experience of at least 5 years.
have less work experience, we encourage them to get in touch with the admissions
will evaluate their profile and advise them accordingly.
We are looking for a candidate who
exhibits strong leadership performance and potential, makes the best use of
available, and is motivated to create an impact.
Do we need to write a GMAT, GRE, or CAT to enrol
No, this programme doesn’t require
Can applicants get their profile evaluated?
team and our counsellors to discuss fitment with the programme. Applicants are
send their CV to pgpriseadmissions@mastersunion.org and initiate a
Are all candidates interviewed?
Post the application process, the
shortlisted candidates are invited to an online interview with our admissions panel.
If an application has been unsuccessful, may
they reapply in the next round?
Unsuccessful applicants can reapply for the next intake, next year. Re-applicants
requested to submit a new online application unless otherwise indicated.
Please exercise judgement in deciding if they have made any significant changes in
profile since their first application, that would make a significant difference to
How strict are the application deadlines?
Our deadlines are non-negotiable.
Applications must be completed and submitted by midnight to be included in the
round. A complete application includes the online form, all supporting documents,
references, essays, and payment of the application fees.
How will applicants be graded for the course?
All participants will be graded
combination of quizzes, exams, group assignments, class engagement, projects,
reflections, etc. The faculty will decide the specific grading matrix for each
Can applicants tailor their learning journey at
We offer 16 electives, empowering
to take charge of their time and construct a relevant programme that is aligned with
interests and career goals. We have new-age, core, and industry concentrations so
choose to pursue a generalist path toward management or specialise in particular
choosing industry concentrations. However, regardless of the path students decide to
during their elective terms, everybody graduates with the same PGP Rise certificate
opportunity to choose industry concentrations.
Are any of the rounds more or less competitive
Each round is equally competitive.
acceptance ratio is the same for all rounds. Most importantly, applicants should
enough time and thought to their application so that it accurately represents their
However, if scholarships are a priority, we encourage applicants to apply in Round
How should applicants approach the essay
section requires careful consideration and thought. We’re looking for clarity,
and cohesion in arguments of applicants as well as in the structure of their essay.
importantly, we encourage them to bring out their most authentic self through these
to give us the best understanding of their thought process, critical thinking, and
Are the fees refunded in case applicants decide
Masters’ Union reserves the right to amend this Refund Policy at any time without
Can applicants defer my admission offer from
Masters' Union to the next year?
Currently, we are not offering the
to defer their admission offer. Those who cannot join the programme in the current
advised to apply again for the next year.
Gain essential knowledge and practical skills for the digital age by tackling relevant
Solve real world problems by building businesses
Designed and taught by industry practitioners
Master finance, leadership, marketing & tech
How to read financial statements
How to allocate budgets and control costs
How to build a digital strategy
How to give a speech that inspires
How to use mental models to solve problems
How to use data to make decisions
How to optimise data analysis with advanced Excel
Dive into intensive workshops, interactive sessions, and networking
opportunities that help you build essential skills and connections for your professional
Design your website, launch impactful marketing campaigns, streamline
your supply chain, and compete head-to-head with your peers for maximum revenue.
How to build & evaluate financial models
How to leverage DeFi and Crypto
How to decode consumers in the age of AI
How to construct a GTM strategy
How to become a vision & mission-driven leader
How to make strategic decisions for competitive advantage
How to build AI-Powered products
How to build growth into your product
How to use Power Bi to visualise data
How to build an attractive LinkedIn profile
Find your dream team, brainstorm bold ideas, and pitch to industry experts who’ll shape
leaders during industrial visits and workshops in cities across the
world, and participate in classes at  prestigious B-schools.
How to structure successful M&A
How to sell without actually selling
How to spark a product-led growth using "Nudge" theory
How to use KPIs to structure effective "carrots"
How to run effective meeting & motivate teams
How to apply economic theories to solve real-world business problems
How to build habit forming products
How to design UI/UX using Figma
How to craft a compelling personal portfolio
Build it, pitch it, perfect it - present your
prototype to a panel of industry experts and product
Interact with global C-suite leaders
during industrial visits and workshops in cities across the world, and
participate in classes at prestigious
How international finance works
How to raise debt & equity capital
How to craft & execute a business research
How to motivate & incentivise sales teams
How to use body language to build executive presence
How to be productive & get things done
How to leverage neuroscience in business
How to build powerful presentations using Canva
Present your startup ideas to VCs in
Engage in off-campus experiences in the GCC region, including visits to
corporate offices and interactions with
Seal the deal! Impress venture capitalists with your launch strategy and
grab real funding for your startup.
*The curriculum (including courses, outclass & residencies) is subject to
change based on the programme requirements & other factors.
The Masters' Union pedagogy and mentorship program
played a crucial role in securing my dream role at BCG.
The personalised mentorship in resume building,
interview prep, career guidance, dropshipping projects, were crucial
Founder’s Office- Strategy Nexstem
StockUp and Nova School were my ventures under the VIP
Challenge. This gave me the skills and confidence to build something
I must have met and learned from 50+ CXOs and MDs
from top firms on the Masters’ Union campus and that gave me
The Creator Challenge and Masters' Union Investment
Fund set the foundation for my success and set me apart from the
I witnessed a massive change in my problem solving
ability doing consulting projects and building a startup from
Students dive into an immersive experience of how a business is built from “0
to 1”, understand the various moving parts of a P&L, and create new
An innovative app that seamlessly blends entertainment
with tangible shopping rewards, PlaySuper rewards users for their
gaming achievements by offering in-app vouchers.
This is a fun and quirky cloud kitchen brand making gourmet
sandwiches. They aim to build a 1000cr+ food company, starting in DLF Phase
4, Gurgaon, and expanding to more areas soon.
India’s first sales-focused B-school is set to
transform the landscape with its hands-on curriculum that is designed to
help students excel in the fast-evolving fields of B2B and SaaS sales.
Woody’s Pizzeria, a vegetarian-only pizzeria, offers world-class,
Indian-inspired Neapolitan and New York pizzas. They've made ₹2.4L monthly ,
purely organic, with half the menu live, aiming for ₹29L annually.
This made-in-India, audio streaming platform has amassed
more than 1 million listeners since its inception in 2021.
This made-in-India audio streaming platform has
captivated over 1 million listeners since its launch in 2021,
quickly becoming a favourite in the digital audio landscape.
Check out this unique product that has been designed to
simplify the process of administering medicine or supplements to pets.
Aikyam offers natural premixes that address chronic
gut-health issues, and are specially curated for the Indian lifestyle.
A groundbreaking AI SaaS platform that is
pioneering customer relationship intelligence and automation, with
solutions to help businesses manage and enhance customer interactions.
Check out this unique product that has been designed to
simplify the process of administering medicine or supplements to pets.
Aikyam offers natural premixes that address chronic
gut-health issues, and are specially curated for the Indian lifestyle.
Bullspree (Featured on Shark Tank)
With 3 lakh+ users, Bullspree has risen the ranks
to become one of India’s most popular gaming app that helps users
understand stock market dynamics.
Students participate in case competitions at IIMs & even Harvard etc, and get
the opportunity to showcase their strategic thinking .
Ayushi Gupta, Karan Singh, and Nitya Sharma won
the Samagra Governance Challenge 2024 with
their innovative Al-driven solutions that impressed
an elite panel, including the CM of Uttar
Yashwanth Nandi secured 2nd place at Reliance TUP 10.0 for his
climate-smart storage solution, reducing crop loss by 50%.
HUSKify Strategy Case Competition
Student emerged victorious as national finalists. From cracking a
marketing strategy for BigBasket to launching a GTM plan for a US-based food brand,
students showcased innovative strategies and out-of-the-box solutions.
Students competed against top B-schools such as IIMs and ISB, to
craft an end-to-end quick commerce entry strategy, complete with an innovative
investment thesis and go-to-market execution.
Going head-to-head with esteemed institutions worldwide,
including MIT Sloan, Stanford, Columbia, and HEC, students aced a case
competition examining Merger & Acquisition cases.
A unique marketing case study challenge where students
collaborated with a firm in the meat-alternatives industry to overhaul
their brand strategy, aiming to boost revenue.
IIM Bangalore’s Imagineer Voyage
Students showcased their skills in idea innovation,
product management, and strategy, to craft comprehensive business models
and bring their products to market.
A GTM case challenge where students created innovative
product concepts, and defined market entry tactics for a new company in
the health-monitoring device market.
Manan did an in-depth competitor analysis which included factors
like founder equity stability, manufacturing location and even financial
projections, clearly highlighting Noise' competitive edge.
Mastering the case: Consulting Strategy
UG Class of 2027 students Sai Vishnu, Sabarna Jana, and Anish
Admane won 1st place by applying concepts from the Building Marketing Strategies
course, like STP Analysis and Customer Inertia.
UG Class of 2027 students Bhargav and Yash secured 2nd place among
top teams from SRCC, Hansraj, and Ashoka for their bold profit-maximizing approach
Students crafted Product Development and Go-To-Market (GTM) strategy
Our students are on an exhilarating journey with
Microsoft through a live project and get hands-on tech experience.
Masters' Union students formulate the pricing
strategy for a cutting-edge innovation enhancing Ather’s features.
Students transform their passion into profit by mastering the art of building
and monetizing personal brands as Creator-preneurs.
A daily dose of heartwarming, relatable, and feel-good slice-of-life
A popular channel capturing the raw, and beautifully imperfect
Simplifying the world of successful brands, emerging trends, and
global headlines to keep you ahead of the curve.
Step into the world of style and sophistication with a creator who
brings fashion and lifestyle to life!
A digital creator at the intersection of AI and gaming, exploring the
A daily dose of humor, straight from the heart of life’s little
A popular channel creating content on business,
marketing, and finance strategies of top companies.
The go-to channel for latest updates on the business
world, decoding lives of influencers and CEOs.
A fun dose of GRWM videos, snippets about life, and
everything about fashion and lifestyle.
Comics, doodles and other art forms abound in this
channel that talks about daily life musings.
This channel shares dialogues with Founders, VCs, and
CXOs, providing a look into different careers.
Students target to get 10 lakh in revenue (and more) by building their
eCommerce ventures & selling on Amazon, BlinkIt & own websites.
Born with the vision to create India's first crystal
couture brand, this company promises to offer the most stylish
showpieces, chandeliers, and more.
The go-to destination for everyone’s hair care
needs, this brand offers products that transform your mane into
frizz-free, shiny, and smooth perfection.
From cutting-edge drones, stylish home decor, to
orthopaedic pillows, and stress-busting balls, this dropshipping
business has something for everyone.
Thrift Fly is your ultimate travel companion,
helping you score discounts on all your travel plans, whether
you're booking flights, hotels, or vacation packages.
How does the curriculum ensure applicants are equipped
with practical business knowledge?
The programme blends traditional classroom
with experiential "Outclasses" such as building an e-commerce store or growing a
startup from the ground up. This hands-on approach ensures learners not only
gain theoretical knowledge but also acquire the practical skills to build and
Besides coaching from faculty, who else do we have access
PGP Rise: General Management (Global) offers
exclusive access to a network of
industry leaders including CXOs, MDs, and successful entrepreneurs. These
interactions provide invaluable insights into industry trends, leadership
strategies, and innovative business practices.
How does the curriculum help develop management skills
that go beyond business knowledge?
Our curriculum goes beyond mastering the
essentials of business and ventures into leadership & self-development and
learning relevant business softwares. This balanced approach ensures that
graduates are not only proficient in technical areas but also equipped with the
soft skills needed to lead teams and navigate complex business environments.
What are the additional resources available for career
In addition to support from the Career Advisory Team, we also provide access
to an online mentorship tool called Get Prepped, where learners have instant
Master public speaking fears, build executive presence, and command
respect through personalised coaching.
Master public speaking fears, build executive presence, and command
respect through personalised coaching.
Master public speaking fears, build executive presence, and command
respect through personalised coaching.
Develop and deploy an early-stage startup that you work on
throughout the programme and present it to the jury on Demo Day for real-time
Develop and deploy an early-stage startup that you work on
throughout the programme and present it to the jury on Demo Day for real-time
feedback.Run an e-commerce business and generate real revenue within your
groups. Be part of a vibrant ecosystem for the creation of sustainable ventures,
as you learn all the moving parts of the P&L.
Bridge gaps, share ideas, and develop best prototypes with peers
in under 48 hours. Over the weekend, engage in intensive brainstorming,
team-building, and hands-on development to turn your ideas into viable
Learn the trade of the creator economy and become a savvy
marketing leader of the future by running your own channel on YouTube or
building a presence on Instagram.
Enjoy the perks of being associated with Masters’ Union
lifelong with limitless access to:
MasterCamp programmes across domains like Marketing,
Creatorpreneur, UX Design & more.
The Masters’ Union Vault, a digital library filled with a
wealth of books and resources, offering extensive knowledge.
Networking opportunities with exclusive access to Masters’
Get real-world wisdom from expert practitioners- CXOs, successful family business
owners, board advisors, authors, academicians & seasoned consultants with extensive
*The final list of masters may vary depending on their
availability and programme requirements.
Will I have access to faculty beyond the classroom?
Yes, we ensure that the individualised coaching
is conducted by the Masters who bring decades of expertise. They are closely
involved in mentoring the learners in their preferred domain.
What makes the faculty at PGP Rise: General Management
traditional academic instructors?
The faculty at PGP Rise: General Management
leaders who bring real-world knowledge. They shape their teaching around current
trends, best practices and learnings based on their own experience.
How does learning from faculty with practical experience
enhance my leadership and decision-making skills?
Learning from professionals who have led
organisations and driven change provides invaluable perspectives on
decision-making and leadership. Their practical experiences highlight the
nuances of leading teams, driving growth, and managing crises preparing you to
When considering candidates for admission, our business
typically looks for individuals with professional work experience, as this
valuable foundation for academic success and contribution to the programme.
We place equal importance on both
academics and co-curricular activities. We
evaluate educational background to ensure
a strong foundation in relevant subjects, but
also consider your involvement in
extracurricular and leadership activities.
The essay section of the application allows
us to evaluate candidates' proficiency in
structuring their thoughts and ideas. This
comprehensive assessment helps us
gauge candidates communication skills,
which are essential for success in our
programme and in the business world.
Reach out to us today to learn more and take the first step
towards accelerating your career.
Complete The Application Online
Applicants will need to fill out and submit an online
application to be considered for the Masters’ Union PGP Rise: General
As part of the application, you will also receive a
prompt for an essay. You may choose to submit a video essay (Duration: 2
minutes) or a text-based essay (up to 200 words).
If shortlisted, applicants will be invited for an online
interview, which will help us get to know them better, and help them
understand all aspects of PGP Rise: General Management (Global). The
eminent Masters from academia and the industry, as well as members of the
Once the Admissions Office receives feedback from the
panel, the application will be re-evaluated and then presented to the
Admissions Committee, which makes the final decision for each candidate.
Applicants will be advised of the final decision on their application
Maximum merit-based scholarship received by a student
Scholarships available for the postgraduate batch
Loan coverage for the programme and hostel fees
The MU Scholarship for Technology Leaders is for candidates who have
demonstrated technology-oriented leadership either as students or in their jobs,
through innovations, patents or research, and are looking to further their career
prospects in the technology domain.
The Founders’ Bursary for Entrepreneurs funds candidates who have had
entrepreneurial experience, with varying levels of success, and wish to gain more
skills and academic perspectives to carry on with their line of work.
The Chairman’s Diversity Scholarship aims at the inclusion of
exceptional candidates from marginalised and underserved communities from the
Indian subcontinent, such as the Northeast, Ladakh, Bhutan, and the tribal belts
The MU Scholarship for Technology Leaders is for candidates who
have demonstrated technology-oriented leadership either as students or in their
jobs, through innovations, patents or research, and are looking to further their
career prospects in the technology domain.
The Founders’ Bursary for Entrepreneurs funds candidates who have
had entrepreneurial experience, with varying levels of success, and wish to gain
more skills and academic perspectives to carry on with their line of work.
The total cost of the programme will include fees mentioned above and other applicable taxes.
What is included in the cost of the programme?
Are any entrance exam scores required for admission?
No, we do not require any entrance scores such
as CAT, GMAT, GRE or any others.
Can we apply twice for the same cohort?
If your application is unsuccessful, you may
apply only for the next cohort.
Can applicants defer their admission offer to the next
We do not have a deferral policy currently.
Applicants will have to re-apply for the next cohort.
Are the fees refunded in case applicants decide to drop
Fees once submitted are not eligible for
refunds. Masters’ Union reserves the right to amend this Refund Policy at any
Students at Masters’ Union hail from diverse
professional backgrounds and hence, the role played by the career advisory team may vary
from one individual to another. Our career advisory team will offer individualised career support and be responsible for
organising L&D interventions at relevant intervals, throughout the year by leveraging
requisite resources, skill building workshops and mentorship. Explore our tailored
Level up in your current role with career strategy &
personal branding workshops specifically designed to give you the
tools needed to make that happen.
Make that switch and transition to a new industry
or function by exploring new roles, leveraging
exclusive mentorship & industry-specific workshops!
Your next gig could be your own! Explore entrepreneurial opportunities during or
after the programme by connecting with VCs & gaining
access to funding to launch your venture.
Build a resume evaluated by industry experts, optimise LinkedIn to grow your network,
Find your strengths with a psychometric test, get 1:1 guidance, and attend
specialised sessions for domain-specific insights.
Participate in mock interviews with industry experts, receive targeted feedback, and
Executive Director, BYU Marriott School of
Sales Systems Consultant,Choucair Group SAL
Professor of Management, Purdue University
Adjunct Professor of Business, New York
Associate Professor, University of Southern
*The final list of coaches may vary depending
their availability and programme requirements.
What kind of progress can you expect from the individual
Learners receive real-time advice and feedback on their professional
challenges, enabling them to apply practical solutions directly to their
careers. This continuous support ensures that they can immediately implement
How does the programme support professionals transitioning
from non-traditional backgrounds into corporate roles?
We encourage applicants from diverse backgrounds
looking to make shifts in their careers to apply as we offer tailored guidance
for those who want to move into leadership roles, switch industries or pivot to
How does the programme enhance employability for
The coaching covers various aspects of your
career, such as refining your personal brand, preparing for interviews and
enhancing leadership skills. Through direct feedback and actionable insights,
learners develop a clear action plan to progress in their professional journey.
Our international immersions take you beyond borders and into the heart of the global
business landscape. Get hands-on experience in three exciting immersions that offer a
to thriving markets and cutting-edge companies.
Kickoff your 12 month journey with an immersive residency in the dynamic
business hub of the UAE - Dubai.
Engage with leaders and explore future business trends
Build a global network through exciting team activities
Get a flavour of French business, culture and education with
Attend INSEAD lectures and gain insights from French business
Visit the offices of iconic brands like Louis Vuitton &
Step Into the Epicentre of Global Manufacturing in China &
Discover cutting-edge trade innovations at the world's largest
trade show with 25,000+ elite sourcing leaders
Connect with top Chinese suppliers and manufacturing experts
Discover how Fortune 500 companies and new-age start-ups are disrupting
Visit HQs of giants like Emirates, Dyson, Ferrari, Uber, and AWS
Engage with top execs shaping aviation, energy, and tech
How do global immersions contribute to a holistic
Global immersions offer invaluable exposure to
diverse business practices and cultures, enhancing learners’ ability to navigate
international markets. These experiences help broaden perspectives, fostering
adaptable leaders who are prepared to tackle global business challenges.
What are the logistical details, such as duration and
accommodation, for all immersions?
All three immersions combined will be around 11
days with accommodation provided by us.
How are the immersions structured to provide a balance of
learning and hands-on experience?
The immersions include live lectures at the
prestigious INSEAD France campus, delivered by their esteemed faculty.
Additionally, learners visit headquarters of top companies gaining direct
exposure to industry leaders. The experience is further enriched with cultural
experiences broadening the perspectives of learners.
Will we get assistance in applying for visas?
Yes, the PGP Rise: General Management (Global) team will assist in filling
Copyright @ 2026 Masters’ Union