See what students, mentors, alumni
and recruiters say about Masters'
moments that reflect our culture,
learning and community. Explore their
See how Masters’ Union is represented
platforms. Explore articles, features,
and press coverage that reflect our
journey, initiatives, and growing
impact in education, innovation, and
Explore the awards, rankings and accreditations that recognise the quality, impact
and industry relevance of Masters' Union programmes.
UG in Technology & Business Management
UG in Technology & Business Management
UG in Psychology & Marketing (Illinois
UG in Data Science & AI (Illinois Tech,
UG in Technology & Business Management
PGP in Technology and Business Management
PGP in Technology & Business Management
PGP in Human Resources & Organisation
PGP in Sports Management & Gaming
PGP in Applied AI & Agentic Systems
PGP in UI/UX & AI Product Design
PGP in Sustainability & Business Management
PGP in Capital Markets and Trading
PGP in Entrepreneurship and Business Acceleration
PGP Rise: General Management (Global)
Bloomberg Equity Research Programme
PGP Rise: Owners and Promoters Management
PGP in Entrepreneurship and Business Acceleration
Your download will begin shortly.
Our team will be in touch with you shortly.
Career Reset Programme for Mid-Career Professionals
Online/In-Person Weekend Classes
Our course is taught by leaders in topmost companies
such as PwC, Ola Krutrim, Microsoft,
Google, American Express, Paypal etc.
C-suite leaders. Experience industrial visits, workshops, and
classes at prestigious international business schools. Broaden your
Learn at world's leading B-schools like
Dyson, explore Italy's #1 startup hub H-FARM.
Attend Master classes with leaders
from top leadership coaches who have mentored global CEOs,
CXOs, and Founders, for unparalleled career growth.
Tailored Coaching From Top Mentors.
Mentors Guided Global CEOs, CXOs.
business, not just a degree. Build and pitch your startup to
MDs, and founders from top firms. Practical, real-world
learning from leading academics. Transform your career.
global C-suite leaders. Experience
visits, workshops, and classes at prestigious international business
schools. Broaden your horizons.
Learn at world’s leading B-schools like SDA Bocconi.
, explore Italy's #1 startup hub H-FARM.
Attend Master classes with leaders like
tailored coaching from top leadership
who have mentored global CEOs, CXOs, and Founders, for unparalleled
Graduate with a running business,
not just a degree. Build and pitch your startup to 100+ VCs and Angels.
CXOs, MDs, and founders from top
Practical, real-world learning from leading academics. Transform your
Watch Ramsha, student of PGP Rise: General
and her experience of working as a Manager at ITC Hotels.
Step into a transformative experience designed to hone your
leadership abilities through dynamic activities and expert-led sessions.
Engage in impactful exercises to sharpen leadership skills
Gain insights from seasoned coaches to lead with confidence
Principal Advisor, Gray Matters Capital
Former Head of Digital and Emerging Partnerships,
Career Coach & Recruitment Specialist
Chief of Staff & Investments, Jetapult
Disclaimer: *The final list of masters
may vary depending on their availability and programme requirements.
Begin a transformative journey with our Global Immersion
Programme. Visit top institutions like SDA Bocconi and H-Farm, and
gain insights from the most critical and influential companies of
Experience the excellence of our student community - a
glimpse into what you can achieve here.
Join diverse clubs to connect, collaborate, and grow
Discover how our students learn
pgpriseadmissions@mastersunion.org
Working Hours - Monday- Saturday, 11:00 am- 7:00 pm IST
Gain essential knowledge and practical skills for the
digital age through our core and industry modules. Gain real-world insights
CXO Sessions: Learn directly from top executives and
industry pioneers through interactive sessions
Executive Leadership Coaching: Develop critical
leadership skills through personalised coaching and hands-on training
How to read and analyse financial
statements and Allocate costs & budgets?
How to identify an idea and take it to the
How to narrate a captivating brand story?
How to give a speech that inspires
How to build your personal brand?
How to win over others and manage people at
How do people make choices on what to buy,
How to use stats to build a better
How to master prompt engineering to
How Optimise data analysis with advanced
Discover a world of opportunities
family business leaders, explore
the vibrant campus, & network with industry experts.
Design your website, launch impactful marketing
campaigns, streamline your supply chain, and compete
head-to-head with your peers for
How to leverage DeFi and Crypto
How to decode the consumer psyche?
How to undertake market research decisions?
How do leaders manage stakeholder
How do economies of nations work?
How can my business win against the
How to build AI Powered Products
How to use Power BI to visualise data
How to build an attractive LinkedIn profile
—showcase your bold ideas to entrepreneurs, experts,
and investors ready to back the next big thing.
from Term 1 offline! Set up a stall in a real
sell to customers, and gain feedback from industry
Understanding IPOs & Company Worth
How to leverage social media algorithms?
How to build habit forming products
How to use mental models to solve problems
How to run effective meetings & motivate
How can my business expand its scope and
How to design UX/UI using Figma
How to craft a compelling personal
Validate and present your startup
during industry visits and workshops worldwide.
Attend immersive sessions at top B-schools like
and other prestigious institutions.
How international finance works
How do start ups raise capital & why?
How to structure successful M&A
How to sell without actually selling
How to create stellar brands and decide on
How to structure deals that create value
How to make 'winning' moves in response to
How to delegate & manage accountability
How to enhance product performance using
How to build powerful presentations using
How to preparare for Interviews
Learn marketing by building your own influencer
brand. Create channels that run into
thousands & even millions of followers.
Master GTM (Go to Market) & PMF (Product Market
by showing clear market path & strong
customer validation for scalable growth.
** *The curriculum (including courses, outclass & residencies)
is subject to change based on the programme requirements & other factors.
art workshops, exhibitions, and creative projects
SipBae began as a wild idea with
home. From 2AM talks to messy debates and big dreams, we
built more than a store—we built a bond. Loud, fun,
chaotic—and worth every moment.
scratch, hit 5K+ followers in 30 days
& sold hot picks—from sipper juicers to quirky mugs,
toys, speakers & home must-haves!
Simply Homely brings soul to your
and essentials like bottle brushes & vacuums. Where
every item helps your home reflect your vibe.
Inskulpt blends calligraphy with
that spark strength, diaries that hold your truths, and
safe, soulful space for those navigating mental health
Students dive into an immersive
of how a business is built from “0 to 1”, understand
moving parts of a P&L, and create new ventures.
With 3 lakh+ users, Bullspree has
risen the ranks to become one of India's most popular
gaming app that helps users understand stock market
sandwiches. They aim to build a 1000cr+ food company,
starting in DLF Phase 4, Gurgaon, and expanding to more
vegetarian-only pizzeria, offers world-class,
Indian-inspired Neapolitan and New York pizzas. They've
made ₹2.4L monthly, purely organic,
with half the menu live, aiming for ₹29L annually.
streaming platform has captivated over 1 million
listeners since its launch in 2021, quickly becoming a
favourite in the digital audio landscape.
An innovative app that seamlessly
entertainment with tangible shopping rewards, PlaySuper
users for their gaming achievements by offering in-app
is set to transform the landscape with its hands-on
is designed to help students excel in the fast-evolving
A groundbreaking AI SaaS platform
pioneering customer relationship intelligence and
solutions to help businesses manage and enhance customer
even Harvard etc, and get the opportunity to
showcase their strategic thinking.
B-schools such as IIMs and ISB,
to craft an end-to-end quick commerce entry strategy,
investment thesis and go-to-market execution.
Manan did an in-depth competitor
included factors like founder equity stability,
and even financial projections, clearly highlighting
Vishnu, Sabarna Jana, and Anish Admane won
1st place by applying concepts from the Building
like STP Analysis and Customer Inertia.
and Anish Admane won 1st place by applying concepts from
Strategies course, like STP Analysis and Customer
Going head-to-head with esteemed
including MIT Sloan, Stanford, Columbia, and HEC,
competition examining Merger & Acquisition cases.
collaborated with a firm in the meat-alternatives
brand strategy, aiming to boost revenue.
Students showcased their skills
innovation, product management, and strategy, to craft
comprehensive business models and bring their products
students created innovative product concepts, and
defined market entry tactics for a new company in the
health-monitoring device market.
passion into profit by mastering the art of building
and monetizing personal brands as Creator-preneurs.
content on business, marketing, and finance strategies
updates on the business world, decoding lives of
snippets about life, and everything about fashion and
in this channel that talks about daily life musings.
with Founders, VCs, and CXOs, providing a look into
Experience world-class business education from one of
Experience world-class business education from one of
celebrated professors through renowned courses at global
leaders in business education like SDA Bocconi*.
global perspective while collaborating with peers from
*Partner Universities may vary for different cohorts
Ranked Italy's No.1 startup hub, H-Farm houses various incubation
centers dedicated to the creation of young innovative companies.
Engage with leading startups and venture capitalists at
models and digital transformation strategies.
Begin a transformative journey with our Global Immersion
Programme. Visit top institutions like SDA Bocconi and H-Farm,
gain insights from the most critical and influential companies
Students learn as much outside the classroom as they do inside it, with challenges like
dropshipping, Local consulting, content creation and more.
Kickoff your 12 month journey with an immersive residency at the
Engage with leaders and explore
Build your future network through
Discover the dynamics of global industries while connecting with
leaders and peers from across the world.
Attend lectures at top institutions
Explore global innovation at top
industry headquarters like Dyson & Ferrari
Step into a transformative experience designed to hone your
leadership abilities through dynamic activities and expert-led
Engage in impactful exercises to
Gain insights from seasoned coaches
MDs from top companies, startup founders, and academicians from
Learn tech, business, and related core skills from
highly-rated and experienced Professors-in-Residence.
Masters in your preferred domain.
Product Strategy and Innovation
Community Driven Brands & Marketing
How to build successful Brands?
How to set up Digital Ads from scratch?
How to work effectively in teams?
Build your own AI Chatbot with ChatGPT
Executive Communication Workshop
Product Strategy and Innovation
Community Driven Brands & Marketing
How to build successful Brands?
How to set up Digital Ads from scratch?
How to work effectively in teams?
Build your own AI Chatbot with ChatGPT
Executive Communication Workshop
masters may vary depending on their
availability and programme requirements.
When considering candidates for admission, our business school values a strong
academic foundation combined with diverse experiences. We welcome individuals
who bring unique perspectives shaped by their education, personal initiatives,
or varied pursuits, as these enrich classroom learning and foster a dynamic peer
We seek individuals who demonstrate a strong entrepreneurial spirit, leadership
potential, and a genuine commitment to creating impact. Your prior work
experience, personal projects, or other responsibilities can provide valuable
Effective communication is essential for
success in a family business. We will assess your communication skills through
the interviews. We are looking for candidates who can articulate their thoughts
clearly, listen attentively, and build strong relationships.
Complete the Application Online
Applicants will need to fill out and submit an
online application to be considered for the Masters’ Union PGP Rise:
As part of the application, you will also receive a prompt for an
essay. You may choose to submit a video essay (Duration: 2 minutes)
or a text-based essay (up to 200 words).
If shortlisted, applicants will be invited for
an online interview, which will help us get to know them better, and
help them understand all aspects of PGP Rise: General Management .
The interview panel will consist of our eminent Masters from
academia and the industry, as well as members of the core team.
Once the Admissions Office receives feedback
from the panel, the application will be re-evaluated and then
presented to the Admissions Committee, which makes the final
decision for each candidate. Applicants will be advised of the final
decision on their application through an email.
The entire admissions process, from the Application Deadline,
** The fee mentioned above is GST-exempt
Maximum merit-based programme fee received by a student.
Scholarships available for the postgraduate batch.
Loan coverage for the programme and hostel fees.
The following financial institutions can provide loans for
up to 100% of the programme fees to the admitted students.
shreekant.acharya1@idfcfirstbank.com
Tuition Fee & Lifelong Union Membership
Tuition Fee & Lifelong Union Membership
Tuition Fee & Lifelong Union Membership
Tuition Fee & Lifelong Union Membership
Tuition Fee & Lifelong Union Membership
1.5% plus GST on the loan amount
The following financial institutions can provide loans for
up to 100% of the programme fees to the admitted students.
shreekant.acharya1@idfcfirstbank.com
Tuition Fee & Lifelong Union Membership
Tuition Fee & Lifelong Union Membership
Tuition Fee & Lifelong Union Membership
Tuition Fee & Lifelong Union Membership
Tuition Fee & Lifelong Union Membership
1.5% plus GST on the loan amount
PGP Rise welcomes candidates from all backgrounds.
Our Career Advisory Team offers personalised guidance, expert
mentorship & workshops to help you build a unique, impactful career path.
Elevate your impact within your existing
organization. Gain advanced leadership
skills and strategic insights, to drive significant
into new industries or functions. Get specialized
guidance to unlock diverse opportunities and achieve your career
Transform your innovative ideas into thriving
businesses. Gain entrepreneurial
expertise, secure funding, and build a sustainable enterprise
universities, and build networks
Get guided by leaders from Reliance, Tata, Godrej,
and more. Strengthen succession, drive growth, and balance family
strategies for generational growth
Get 1:1 mentorship from business leaders and
Master self-awareness with Hogan and
Access YPO, EO, and CII-FBN networks
Build self-mastery through Hogan tools
Build a resume evaluated by industry experts, optimise LinkedIn to grow your network,
Find your strengths with a psychometric test, get 1:1 guidance, and attend
specialised sessions for domain-specific insights.
Participate in mock interviews with industry experts, receive targeted feedback, and
Principal Advisor, Gray Matters Capital
Former Head of Digital and Emerging
Career Coach & Recruitment Specialist
Chief of Staff & Investments, Jetapult
*The final list of coaches may vary depending on their availability and programme
access to interview preparation till
the final hour, even if it’s one day before your interview.
Connect instantly with expert mentors for 1:1 support
tailored to your needs: startups and placements.
Whether it’s finishing an assignment or finding emotional
support, login and get the help you need within
Former Chief Marketing Officer,
We proudly showcase the diverse states represented by our
campus is a melting pot of vibrant cultures and perspectives, fostering an enriching
Be part of a classroom that welcomes students with varying academic and professional backgrounds.
Is PGP Rise: General Management equivalent to other Executive MBA Programmes offered in
The academic content and rigour of the Masters’ Union PGP Rise: General Management
are equivalent to other Executive MBA programmes. However, Indian regulations do not allow
independent institutions to grant a Master’s degree. After completion of the programme,
applicants will receive a certificate of completion of the Post Graduate Programme in
Management for Senior Professionals.
Can applicants continue to work full-time while pursuing the
Yes, applicants can continue their full-time job as they
pursue PGP Rise: General Management by Masters’ Union.
What happens when applicants are not in the residency?
Their studies will continue on the weekend in a hybrid model
where they can choose to attend in-person classes at our Gurgaon campus or join in
What will be the batch size of the class?
We will limit the batch size to a maximum of 60 students to
maximize individual attention from masters, and have an impactful teacher-student ratio.
What are the core emphasis areas of the Masters’ Union PGP Rise: General Management
We offer India’s first programme with industry-focused coaching at its core. Students get
expert mentorship to define their career goals. They benefit from psychometric
assessments and industry-focused coaching, all tailored to meet the following needs of
How many days of leave will an applicant require to participate in the
Applicants will require around 10 days of leave
throughout the year to participate in the campus immersion weeks, tech-trek, and leadership
What is included in the cost of the programme?
The programme fee for the PGP Rise: General Management by Masters’ Union will cover:
How much time should an applicant set aside for coursework on the
We will try to keep any additional coursework on weekdays to a
bare minimum. However, the time taken to prepare for classes can vary according to the
subject and applicants’ expertise on the same. On average applicants can expect to spend
5-10 hours a week on weekdays. There will be additional material provided to the applicants
in the form of written content, videos or podcasts that they can choose to engage with at
Is the PGP Rise: General Management model as valuable as a full-time residential PGP?
While the programme design differs from that of a full-time
PGP, the curriculum and structure is equivalent to that of any recognized executive MBA
globally. The structure is designed to be flexible to accommodate the busy schedules of
working professionals and the content is tailored for those with considerable work
What are the benefits of the 1-year format?
PGP Rise: General Management by Masters’ Union, with its unique 12-month weekend
format, covers best-in-class practices in global executive management education through an
accelerated pedagogical approach. Designed to offer flexibility as a working
professional so applicants don’t have to leave their job to pursue the course, the 4 terms
will cover rigorous academic training in core areas. Applicants can choose to go deeper in
the industry of their choice through industry electives and find stellar opportunities to
network with like-minded individuals through the residency weeks, a tech-trek and leadership
retreat. The dynamic format of the programme will offer accelerated learning in the skills
of time management and prioritisation, and thus equips them with stellar decision-making
facilities, which is one of the most valued qualities of a business leader in today’s times.
How many years of experience do applicants need
Applicants with work experience are preferred to apply for the programme. In case any applicant has lesser work experience,
feel free to reach out to the admissions team who will evaluate their profile and advise
Is there an age limit for entry?
There is no age limit for entry. However,
the programme is more suitable for candidates with experience of at least 5 years. If they
have less work experience, we encourage them to get in touch with the admissions team who
will evaluate their profile and advise them accordingly.
We are looking for a candidate who
exhibits strong leadership performance and potential, makes the best use of opportunities
available, and is motivated to create an impact.
Do we need to write a GMAT, GRE, or CAT to enrol
No, this programme doesn’t require GMAT,
Can applicants get their profile evaluated?
Feel free to connect with the admissions
team and our counsellors to discuss fitment with the programme. Applicants are welcome to
pgpriseadmissions@mastersunion.org and initiate a conversation with our counsellors
Are all candidates interviewed?
Post the application process, the
shortlisted candidates are invited to an online interview with our admissions panel.
If an application has been unsuccessful, may
they reapply in the next round?
No, they cannot reapply in the next round.
Unsuccessful applicants can reapply for the next intake, next year. Re-applicants are
requested to submit a new online application unless otherwise indicated.
Please exercise judgement in deciding if they have made any significant changes in their new
profile since their first application, that would make a significant difference to their
How strict are the application deadlines?
Our deadlines are non-negotiable.
Applications must be completed and submitted by midnight (Indian Standard Time) to be
included in the ongoing round. A complete application includes the online form, all
supporting documents, references, essays, and payment of the application fees.
How will applicants be graded for the course?
All participants will be graded through a
combination of quizzes, exams, group assignments, class engagement, projects, simulations,
reflections, etc. The faculty will decide the specific grading matrix for each course.
Can applicants tailor their learning journey at
We offer 16 electives, empowering students
to take charge of their time and construct a relevant programme that is aligned with their
interests and career goals. We have new-age, core, and industry concentrations so they can
choose to pursue a generalist path toward management or specialise in particular areas by
choosing industry concentrations. However, regardless of the path students decide to take
during their elective terms, everybody graduates with the same PGP Rise: General Management certificate with an
opportunity to choose industry concentrations.
Are any of the rounds more or less competitive
Each round is equally competitive. The
acceptance ratio is the same for all rounds. Most importantly, applicants should dedicate
enough time and thought to their application so that it accurately represents their
However, if scholarships are a priority, we encourage applicants to apply in Round 1.
How should applicants approach the essay
The essay section in the application
section requires careful consideration and thought. We’re looking for clarity, conciseness,
and cohesion in arguments of applicants as well as in the structure of their essay. Most
importantly, we encourage them to bring out their most authentic self through these essays
to give us the best understanding of their thought process, critical thinking, and
Are the fees refunded in case applicants decide
Fees once submitted are not eligible for
Masters’ Union reserves the right to amend this Refund Policy at any time without prior
Can applicants defer my admission offer from
Masters' Union to the next year?
Currently, we are not offering the option
to defer their admission offer. Those who cannot join the programme in the current year are
advised to apply again for the next year.
Copyright @ 2026 Masters’ Union