See what students, mentors, alumni
and recruiters say about Masters'
moments that reflect our culture,
learning and community. Explore their
See how Masters’ Union is represented
platforms. Explore articles, features,
and press coverage that reflect our
journey, initiatives, and growing
impact in education, innovation, and
Explore the awards, rankings and accreditations that recognise the quality, impact
and industry relevance of Masters' Union programmes.
UG in Technology & Business Management
UG in Technology & Business Management
UG in Psychology & Marketing (Illinois
UG in Data Science & AI (Illinois Tech,
UG in Technology & Business Management
PGP in Technology and Business Management
PGP in Technology & Business Management
PGP in Human Resources & Organisation
PGP in Sports Management & Gaming
PGP in Applied AI & Agentic Systems
PGP in UI/UX & AI Product Design
PGP in Sustainability & Business Management
PGP in Capital Markets and Trading
PGP in Entrepreneurship and Business Acceleration
PGP Rise: General Management (Global)
Bloomberg Equity Research Programme
PGP Rise: Owners and Promoters Management
PGP in Entrepreneurship and Business Acceleration
The Report will be downloaded shortly.
Feel free to write to us at ugadmissions@mastersunion.org
or call on +91 76691 86660 in case of any queries.
Feel free to write to us at ugadmissions@mastersunion.org
or call on +91 76691 86660 in case of any queries.
The brochure will be downloaded shortly.
Feel free to write to us at ugadmissions@mastersunion.org
or call on +91 76691 86660 in case of any queries.
Feel free to write to us at ugadmissions@mastersunion.org
or call on +91 76691 86660 in case of any queries.
A 3+1 Dual Degree programme with Illinois Tech where you learn by building.
On campus in Gurugram & Chicago
3 Years at Masters' Union & 1 Year at Illinois Tech
Discover how 3+1 Dual Degree Programme with Illinois Tech enables our students to study in Chicago & earn a globally
recognised Bachelor’s of Science
PwC, Ola Krutrim, Microsoft, Google, PayPal, and American Express
shaping how AI is applied worldwide.
Developed with PwC and Ola Krutrim,
the programme takes you out of theory-heavy classrooms and into labs and companies creating tech of
functional products, one every year
Move past traditional lectures and learn 1:1 or in closer groups from
those building frontier technologies every day.
Don’t wait until graduation, intern with top tech firms and broaden your
Microsoft, Razorpay, Krutrim, and more
students intern within their first year
to real-world outcomes, focused on building & solving, not
memorisation, or dated case studies.
shipped products before graduation
Illinois Institute of Technology (USA), expanding your global
Leverage Illinois Tech’s global internship network
alumni network across 3 continents
Developed with PwC and Ola Krutrim,
the programme takes you out of theory-heavy classrooms and into
labs and companies creating tech of
functional products, one every year
Move past traditional lectures and learn 1:1 or in closer groups from
those building frontier technologies every day.
Don’t wait until graduation, intern with top tech firms and broaden your
Microsoft, Razorpay, Krutrim, and more
students intern within their first year
to real-world outcomes, focused on building & solving, not
memorisation, or dated case studies.
shipped products before graduation
Artificial Intelligence from Illinois Institute of Technology (USA),
expanding your global network & career.
Leverage Illinois Tech’s global internship network
alumni network across 3 continents
Learn directly from product leaders who spend
their days building cutting-edge tech and their evenings
teaching you how it’s done, alongside professors from leading institutions.
Gain firsthand lessons from those building technology and scaling
How Microsoft and Open AI are rewriting the AI
Dr. Nandini Seth, Professor of Data - MU
How PwC is bringing impactful AI
Two flexible tracks offered with recognised degrees from
IIT Guwahati / Illinois Tech, US
Two flexible tracks offered with recognised degrees from
IIT Guwahati / Illinois Tech, US
Spend 3 years in India followed by 4th year at
#1 in Illinois and #20 in the US by New York Times
*Based on the New York Times college ranking tool, 2023, for high
JEE Main qualified students auto enroll in the B.S. (Hons.) in DS & AI
enroll in the above after taking an entrance exam
recruiters like Microsoft, Google, and
Join Dr. Nandini Seth, PhD from IIM Bangalore and founding
faculty at Masters’ Union, as she unpacks the future of AI, the
shifting global job landscape, and how institutions like Masters’ Union are preparing students for tomorrow’s tech-driven world.
Design AI tools and test them in sectors like retail, healthcare, education, and fintech. Each year, begin
with product development and end by applying it to
Create advanced AI Chatbots using
ChatGPT, Perplexity, Claude AI, &
APIs, open source codes and training
wellbeing-focused chatbot grounded in psychological
principles to help users manage stress and anxiety.
buddy chatbot to assist students with
Solve an industry relevant problem statement
Use clustering algorithms (like K-Means) to
consumer tech companies like Myntra
detection to uncover fraudulent financial
quick commerce player like Blinkit.
agents that automate repetitive functions within
boosting operational efficiency.
Improve an organisation’s employee
Operations (onboarding, payroll, leave management)
Optimise procurement across 100+ products
for an automotive manufacturing
using supervised & reinforcement learning learning
techniques in retail, health and finance.
using time-series models to enhance inventory and
diseases like cancer early through medical record
Build domain-specific AI assistants
using Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) to solve
assistants that accurately respond to 1,000+ queries.
Document Summariser to assist lawyers with case prep.
RAG Assistant to support doctors in diagnostics and
Create an Educational FAQ Assistant to
support researchers in their thesis
AI in Finance and Cybersecurity
Create AI-powered solutions for finance &
cyber security firms by identifying
crore in financial transactions and reduce fraud
detection time for banks by 80%.
Enable retail investors with AI-driven portfolio management
to optimise buying & selling decisions.
Detect cyber fraud and finance anomalies in
real-time financial transactions.
Enhance loan approvals with AI risk assessment
using CIBIL score and transaction history.
A full-year deep dive into the field
, where you'll apply your skills, build industry connections,
and tackle high-impact challenges.
Training: Work with top tier big
and AI startups, to gain practical experience
for a successful career in the field of AI.
Future: Take your entrepreneurial spirit to the
next level by building your own
AI venture with personalised mentorship.
Spend a Year at Illinois Tech, Chicago
Deploy AI assistants that accurately respond to
Deploy AI assistants that accurately respond
uptick of 20%+ by enhancing customer experience and
at their Chicago campus and graduate with Bachelor of
Mining, Distributed Computing, Information Security,
Mathematical Modeling, and more.
Create advanced AI Chatbots using
ChatGPT, Perplexity, Claude AI, &
APIs, open source codes and training
wellbeing-focused chatbot grounded in psychological
principles to help users manage stress and anxiety.
buddy chatbot to assist students with subject knowledge
Solve an industry relevant problem statement using unsupervised learning.
Use clustering algorithms (like K-Means) to
consumer tech companies like Myntra
detection to uncover fraudulent financial
quick commerce player like Blinkit.
agents that automate repetitive functions within
boosting operational efficiency.
Improve an organisation’s employee
Operations (onboarding, payroll, leave management)
Optimise procurement across 100+ products
for an automotive manufacturing
AI Immersion in Retail, Health, and Finance
solutions using supervised and reinforcement learning
techniques in retail, health, and finance.
using time-series models to enhance inventory and revenue
diseases like cancer early through medical record
assistants using Retrieval Augmented Generation (RAG) to
assistants that accurately respond to 1,000+
Document Summariser to assist lawyers with case prep.
RAG Assistant to support doctors in diagnostics and
support researchers in their thesis
A full-year deep dive into the field
, where you'll apply your skills, build industry connections, and
Training: Work with top tier big
and AI startups, to gain practical experience
for a successful career in the field of AI.
Future: Take your entrepreneurial spirit to the
next level by building your own
AI venture with personalised mentorship.
Spend a Year at Illinois Tech, Chicago
Deploy AI assistants that accurately respond to
Create AI-powered solutions for finance &
security firms by successfully processing
INR 1 crore in simulated financial transactions or
reducing fraud detection time by
uptick of 20%+ by enhancing customer experience and
at their Chicago campus and graduate with Bachelor of
Choose multiple electives like Data
Mining, Distributed Computing, Information Security,
Mathematical Modeling, and more.
Immerse yourself in new countries and explore technology, innovation,
and industry practices across automotive hubs, innovation centres, and startup
Watch out students Harman, Arushi, Ishaan, and Divyam building AI startups for healthcare, data, analytics, technology, and more.
Over 80 students have already interned at top brands, including
EY, The Indian Express, Chaayos, Indigo, and more.
“I landed my dream internship at IndiGo in my
first year, where I contributed to launching their business class and
loyalty program. This experience provided me with valuable insights into
airline marketing and customer engagement. I have been passionate about
aviation since childhood and my passion further deepened after meeting Dr.
Anand Srinivasan, Co-founder of Akasa Air, during his tour at Masters’
Union, gaining firsthand industry insights”
“During my internship at Epigamia, I was praised
for my market research and identifying the right product-market fit – skills
I honed in the marketing class taught by Mr. Bhupesh Manohar. I also
analyzed raw data with precision with advanced excel, making the experience
Business Development Intern, Zerope
“My time at ZeroPe offered a front-row view of
India's fintech transformation. I explored consumer behavior in healthcare
spending and successfully converted a previously unreachable client. Tasked
by Ashneer Grover to onboard 20 healthcare partners in two months, I applied
the Need Gap strategy from one of our classes, which helped me close 44
leads in six weeks, earning the position of top performer and an extended
offer to join the team full-time.”
“During my internship at BluSmart, I developed
expertise in B2B sales, marketing, and social media. My experience in
Dropshipping MelaI helped me understand the business requirements quickly
and I also honed skills in collaboration, analytics, and business building”
“I Interned at Basil’s Founder’s Office, where I
crafted marketing strategies, closed deals with HP and Dyninno, and
developed Basil Wallet as a product for these companies. With GTM strategies
taught to us, I drove impactful marketing. The communication training from
Harvard Professor Mihir Mankad equipped me to lead my team for two months”
Reyansh Juneja, Founder, Memotag: A hardware-AI solution
designed to help dementia patients, which was also pitched at Shark Tank India finale.
Kabir Teria, Founder, theGoodBrowser: A large action
model-based AI browser that is likely to rival even Google Chrome.
Ansh Mamgain, Founder, AIOS: An AI-based operating system that
adapts to users rather than the other way around, much like Jarvis.
Tanvee Maheshwari, Co-founder, SEMS: A Student Experience
Management System, aimed to streamline student communication, updates and deadlines.
Aashwin Dev, Founder, Bhupesh Chatbot & Elite: An AI chatbot
that mimics professors to help classmates prep smarter and a SaaS tool for hiring already in
Arjun, Founder, Glam Girls Dress Up Haven: A fashion-focused
dress-up game currently in beta, already engaging over 40,000 paying users
Coverage and features highlighting Masters’ Union across leading media
Experience the excellence of our student community - a
glimpse into what you can achieve here.
Join diverse clubs to connect, collaborate, and grow
Discover how our students learn
Dive into Data Science and AI modules designed to
emphasise real-world applications, innovation, and industry relevance.
Learn the Fundamentals of DS and AI
Master the basics of data patterns and AI, laying the
foundation for turning data into real business solutions.
Master DS and AI for Career Excellence
Build on your skills with machine learning and real-world AI
applications, solving actual problems in various industries.
Dive deep into AI techniques like deep learning and
reinforcement learning, preparing to drive innovation in any business.
Launch Your Tech Career from Chicago
Study in Chicago, work on real-world AI projects, and graduate with a U.S. degree in AI and a network that spans continents.
Gain insights from Industry Leaders on how technology is shaping
Unlock secrets to a career in AI
is transforming the smartphone industry
Explore the future of the gaming
Gain insights from CTOs, Industry Experts, and AI
Top Tech companies like Top Tech companies like Microsoft and Google.
Master cutting-edge AI and Data Science technologies
sessions and hands-on learning experiences.
research-driven expertise in AI
Get 1:1 mentorship from AI leaders at Krutrim or PwC.
In response to the global uncertainty and challenges students face with
international admissions, we’re introducing the Priority Admissions Track at
Masters' Union. This exclusive opportunity allows students studying abroad and those
with offers from top global universities to skip the entrance test and
fast-track directly to receiving an offer letter.
Simply submit your admit letter, SAT
scores, and a video essay as part of
your application to qualify for this expedited process.
Class X & XII Marks (Expected/Final) from one of the
recognised boards including CBSE, ISC, IB, IGCSE etc.
Students having Maths in Class XII are eligible for the programme.
Applicants can either provide their JEE Scores (Session 1
or Session 2), take our aptitude test (MUSAT) or submit their SAT scores.
Applications would be evaluated for
We will assess these qualities through your
This programme is built for students who get curious about
emerging tech & AI, and want to learn by building. If you love tinkering with
technology, experimenting with innovative ideas, and turning them into real AI
products, you’ll feel at home here. Watch the video to know more.
Our program empowers students to lead in the AI
revolution—equipping them with the skills to build advanced AI systems and drive
data-led innovation across industries like tech, finance, and healthcare
Complete the Application Online
School Marksheets of Class X and XI
12th grade passing certificate for students graduating in
JEE (Session 1 or Session 2) / SAT scores
Please note that if you do not have any of the
above scores, it is mandatory to take Masters’ Union Aptitude Test
Once you submit the online application and pay the
fees, you will have to submit a short 2-minute video essay
describing your interest in technology and any past
in building an application/internship etc. within 7 days.
Please note your video should be uploaded to Google Drive and
uploaded in part 2 of your application form. Kindly ensure
the video on Google Drive is set to "Anyone with the link
Video length: Please create a video that is no longer than
Hobbies: It would be helpful if applicants could pick
interesting, unique points that will make them memorable for
Reference Video: Check out a sample video essay for
After completing the video application, students will receive
form to submit their JEE Advanced admit card/SAT results or
the Masters’ Union Scholarship Aptitude Test (MUSAT).
Note - Students taking the MUSAT will have a 7-day window to
complete it. They will receive only one attempt at the main
but will have access to a practice test beforehand.
materials for the test can be found here.
Watch a student-led breakdown of a test
that can help you secure Masters’ Union Scholarship
Once shortlisted applicants have submitted their
application along with their aptitude scores, the admissions team
respond with their final decision and the students will fall into
Applicants who have been offered admission to Masters’ Union
receive their decision along with the financial structure
They will have 7-21 days to confirm their admission through
Applicants rejected by the admissions team can apply to the
programme again in the next academic year.
Masters’ Union doesn’t maintain any ranked waitlist.
placed in this category will have their admission dependent
the spots that might open up in the cohort.
The admission committee reconvenes to decide the results and
promotion of candidates from the waitlisted to the accepted
Masters' Union offers a Lateral Entry pathway, allowing students
in their first year at any other university to transfer seamlessly into our cutting-edge Undergraduate
Programme in Data Science & AI. Take the leap and elevate your academic
experience with industry-aligned curriculum, expert mentorship, and real-world
exposure. The online admission process is the same for all applicants.
From curriculum to placements, our leadership breaks down the experience for you.
Learn how we apply in-class learnings to the real
Career Opportunities Post Graduation
Know about the future potential opportunities
Get sneak peek into Japan visit by our students
Master's Union vs Other Colleges
*$78,000 converted to INR based on the 1:90 exchange rate.
amount will be dependent on the prevailing exchange rate at the time of study.
Note: An additional registration fee may be applicable as per
university chosen by the student.
The above mentioned fee covers accommodation in Gurugram for the
first three years of the programme.
The amount mentioned for the hostel does not include electricity
In addition to merit-based scholarships, we offer need-based scholarships for students requiring
The following financial institutions can provide loans for
to the admitted students. Check out all finance options here.
Tuition fees + Living expenses (No Margin
Collateral required for secured loan
Available under Section 80E of Income Tax Act
95% of the total cost 100% funding option
Secured loans at 9.25% Unsecured Loan at
Secured: Course Period + 15 years
Course Period + 6 months (optional)
Applicable as per Axis bank norms
College related and expenses details
1 Cr Unsecured After 1 Cr Collateral
Course i.e. 6 month & then 10 years
Simple-interest disbursement amount EMI
Secured - Starts at 9% p.a. Unsecured -
Tuition Fee + Travel Expenses + Living
Up to ₹50 Lakhs (Unsecured Loan)
Tuition fees, living expenses, and other
miscellaneous expenses (e.g., laptop, etc.)
0.25% - 0.75% of the loan amount
EMI/SI or partial interest repayment.
The following financial institutions can provide loans for
to the admitted students. Check out all finance options here.
Tuition fees + Living expenses (No Margin
Collateral required for secured loan
Available under Section 80E of Income Tax Act
95% of the total cost 100% funding option
Secured loans at 9.25% Unsecured Loan at
Secured: Course Period + 15 years
Course Period + 6 months (optional)
Applicable as per Axis bank norms
College related and expenses details
1 Cr Unsecured After 1 Cr Collateral
Course i.e. 6 month & then 10 years
Simple-interest disbursement amount EMI
Secured - Starts at 9% p.a. Unsecured -
Tuition Fee + Travel Expenses + Living
Up to ₹50 Lakhs (Unsecured Loan)
Tuition fees, living expenses, and other
miscellaneous expenses (e.g., laptop, etc.)
0.25% - 0.75% of the loan amount
EMI/SI or partial interest repayment.
UPSY is our loan aggregator, and the figures shown here are indicative
cumulative estimates that may vary depending on the lending partner selected
Any scholarship availed by a student is only applicable to 3 Years at Masters’ Union
UPSY is our loan aggregator, and the figures shown here are indicative
cumulative estimates that may vary depending on the lending partner selected
Any scholarship availed by a student is only applicable to 3 Years at Masters’ Union
Graduate with an Integrated PGP in Five
Students can return to India and pursue
an Integrated PGP, earning a PG Certificate from Masters’ Union
in 5 years by opting in after Year 4.
Study for a Year at Illinois Tech
Students have an option to spend the
Year at Illinois Tech Campus in Chicago and get a BS
Prepare for Postgraduation at Leading
Get personalized GMAT, GRE, GATE tutoring
along with expert guidance on application preparation for MBA,
Top recruiters include Microsoft, Cisco,
Google, Eightfold.ai, Krutrim, Amazon etc.
Dedicated Career Support System
From resume building and mock interviews
to career outreach plans, our dedicated career coaches will
hand-hold you throughout your journey.
Opportunities to Work in the US
Unlock stellar placement opportunities
10% of Our Students Raise VC Funds
50+ startups incubated at Masters’ Union,
including Bullspree (Raised $1M+), Eight.Network (Raised
Meet Unicorn Founders on Campus
Learn how AI powers startup growth from
founders Peyush Bansal (Lenskart), Aman Gupta (boAt), Ghazal
Alagh (Mamaearth) & Kunal Bahl (Snapdeal).
₹5 Crore Venture Fund for Student Startups
Join a network where 80+ startups have
already received funding from the student-led Masters’ Union
Reyansh Juneja, Founder, Memotag: A hardware-AI solution
designed to help dementia patients, which was also pitched at Shark Tank India finale.
Kabir Teria, Founder, theGoodBrowser: A large action
model-based AI browser that is likely to rival even Google Chrome.
Ansh Mamgain, Founder, AIOS: An AI-based operating system that
adapts to users rather than the other way around, much like Jarvis.
Tanvee Maheshwari, Co-founder, SEMS: A Student Experience
Management System, aimed to streamline student communication, updates and deadlines.
Aashwin Dev, Founder, Bhupesh Chatbot & Elite: An AI chatbot
that mimics professors to help classmates prep smarter and a SaaS tool for hiring already in
Arjun, Founder, Glam Girls Dress Up Haven: A fashion-focused
dress-up game currently in beta, already engaging over 40,000 paying users
Our program empowers students to lead in the AI revolution—equipping them
with the skills to build advanced AI systems and drive data-led innovation across industries
like tech, finance, and healthcare
Our UG students benefit from top faculty and pedagogy, set to replicate our PGP-level
Top recruiters include McKinsey, Bain, BCG, Google, Microsoft, Razorpay, KPMG, EY,
Our career coaches handhold you through resume building, mock interviews,
Director & CEO, Mekosha Ayurveda
Witnessing their child evolve into a confident, ambitious,
industry-ready professional is every parent’s dream. At Masters’ Union, our hands-on,
immersive approach ensures that students not only excel academically but also develop
real-world skills, leadership qualities, and an entrepreneurial mindset. Hear from
parents who have seen this transformation first-hand.
“I landed my dream internship at IndiGo in my
first year, where I contributed to launching their business class and
loyalty program. This experience provided me with valuable insights into
airline marketing and customer engagement. I have been passionate about
aviation since childhood and my passion further deepened after meeting
Anand Srinivasan, Co-founder of Akasa Air, during his tour at Masters’
Union, gaining firsthand industry insights”
“During my internship at Epigamia, I was
for my market research and identifying the right product-market fit –
I honed in the marketing class taught by Mr. Bhupesh Manohar. I also
analyzed raw data with precision with advanced excel, making the
Business Development Intern, Zerope
“My time at ZeroPe offered a front-row view of
India's fintech transformation. I explored consumer behavior in
spending and successfully converted a previously unreachable client.
by Ashneer Grover to onboard 20 healthcare partners in two months, I
the Need Gap strategy from one of our classes, which helped me close 44
leads in six weeks, earning the position of top performer and an
offer to join the team full-time.”
“During my internship at BluSmart, I developed
expertise in B2B sales, marketing, and social media. My experience in
Dropshipping Mela helped me understand the business requirements
and I also honed skills in collaboration, analytics, and business
“I Interned at Basil’s Founder’s Office, where
crafted marketing strategies, closed deals with HP and Dyninno, and
developed Basil Wallet as a product for these companies. With GTM
taught to us, I drove impactful marketing. The communication training
Harvard Professor Mihir Mankad equipped me to lead my team for two
We proudly showcase the diverse states represented by our
campus is a melting pot of vibrant cultures and perspectives, fostering an enriching
Gain hands-on business experience with a globally
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration.
Class 12th Students & Pass-outs
3 Years at Masters' Union & 1 Year at Illinois Tech
Apply behavioural psychology to real world marketing
globally accredited Bachelor of Science in Business & Psychology.
Class 12th Students & Pass-outs
3 Years at Masters' Union & 1 Year at Illinois Tech
Gain hands-on business experience with a globally
accredited Bachelor of Business from Griffith University, Australia.
On Campus (Gurugram & Australia)
Class 12th Students & Pass-outs
2 years at Masters' Union & 2 years at Griffith
Can students submit their documents/ certificates later if they need
Students can fill the form with certificates that are
available. Later on, they can simply provide the remaining documents to the team as the
Is it mandatory for students to submit their class XI marksheet?
Yes, it is. However, if they don’t have the Class XI marksheet
(PCM), they can upload an application explaining the reason for its unavailability at the
time of filling out the application and attach the PDF in place of the marksheet.
If a student has lost their X result (or any document) which is
mandatory to upload, how can students fill the form?
They can upload an application stating the reason for not
marksheet upload section. Ensure to send an official email at
admission@mastersunion.org later, once the
Can students edit the video essay?
Yes, they can but it is not needed. We are
judging students on their communication and confidence and not their video editing skills.
When will students get their application results and get shortlisted
Results can be expected to be announced
anywhere between 15-30 days after the commencement of the deadline. Post receiving
information on the shortlist, students will receive an online Scholarship (Aptitude) Test
that they have to take online from home.
What if a student has submitted the video but didn't get the
Scholarship (Aptitude) Test mail yet?
The email will be sent once the video is
evaluated and students are selected. Results can be expected to be announced anywhere
between 15-30 days after the submission of the video. Find more details here. here.
We look into the profile holistically
before selecting or rejecting a student. However, please note that scoring 35 marks (out of
a total of 45) is the eligibility criteria for scholarship opportunities.
Can students submit their JEE/SAT/CUET Score instead of taking the
Masters’ Union Scholarship (Aptitude) Test?
Yes, students also have the option to
provide their JEE/IPMAT/SAT/CUET scores. The Scholarship (Aptitude) Test becomes optional
for those who have provided their scores and they will be shortlisted on the basis of the
score. Please note that the scholarship test is not just for students looking for
scholarships but is also an essential step of our admission process which enables us to
assess the analytical capabilities of the student.
How much time do students get to prepare for the Scholarship
Students will get a 7-day period to finish the Scholarship (Aptitude) Test. Find more
Yes, students are allowed to use
calculators. We suggest they keep a pen and paper handy with them during the test and a
What is considered a good JEE/IPMAT/CUET percentile?
Percentile greater than or equal to 90 is
Students who choose to submit their SAT
scores, a score greater than or equal to 1500 is considered good. Please note the test score
is one aspect of the application. Student profiles are evaluated holistically.
Can students get an extension to appear for the Scholarship
ugadmissions@mastersunion.org , attaching the specific documents
explaining why an extension is needed. Extension can be granted in genuine cases, as per
When will the results for the Scholarship (Aptitude) Test be
Results can be expected to be announced
anywhere between 15-30 days after the test deadline.
Is the business simulation/ personal interview conducted online or
The in-person business simulation and
interview will be conducted on the same day for a student. These will be scheduled across
major cities (Delhi, Bengaluru, Mumbai, Ahmedabad, Indore, Hyderabad, Chandigarh) in India
and over Zoom in exceptional cases.
What is GD or business simulation ? How to prepare for it?
The in-person business simulation will
require students to role-play as a CXO of a company and solve its business challenges in a
team of 5-6 applicants. We will send them a case study to prepare for the business
simulation round 3-4 days prior for preparation. In this round, they will be judged on their
creativity, communication, and teamwork skills. They will be participating in a group
discussion for 45 minutes followed by a presentation (without any slides).
What happens in the personal interview, what kind of questions will be
The interview will be a one-on-one
conversation with our faculty or senior leadership. The questions will be around their
application and motivations for applying to Masters' Union. The goal is to know more about
students and what they want to achieve at Masters' Union.
Is there any detailed information about GD/PI ?
The overall process will take around 3 hours.
The business simulation will last 45 minutes followed by a 15 minute group
presentation. Students will be working in teams of 4-6 students on a
business scenario, where students will be expected to make decisions,
data and present their findings.
The interview will be conducted by a senior leader or a faculty member at
Masters’ Union and will be approximately 30 minutes long. They will be asked
questions about their application including their achievements, essays and
Dress code for the event is smart casuals.
When will the results be declared?
The results are announced 30-45 days after
the date of the interview. You can find more details here.
Is there a firm deadline for payment of the admission fee?
We provide students ample time till July
of the academic year so that they can make their decision based on all the admission offers
that they have. In case they still want an extension, the same can be granted based on an
What is the mode of payment for the fees?
Mode of payment can be online, net
banking, bank transfer or in some rare cases they can even send a cheque. Except for cash,
What is the fee payment schedule?
Students can pay the fees semester wise.
Starting every semester, they will be notified about the fees due by
Is the study abroad programme included in the fee? Is there a
The study abroad programme is not included
in the standard tuition fee. Students opting for the 3+1 Dual Degree UG Programme will need
to pay tuition fee as per Illinois Tech & living expenses of Chicago.
Does Masters’ Union offer scholarships?
At Masters’ Union we believe that financial constraints should
not pose any hindrance to students’ academic aspirations. We have merit and need-based
scholarships for all deserving candidates. Students scoring above 35 out of 45 marks in the
Masters’ Union Scholarship Aptitude test get a scholarship which can range from 25% - 80% of
the tuition fee depending on the student’s performance in the Scholarship (Aptitude)Test and
the overall profile of the applicant. For candidates keen on scholarship, we encourage
students to submit their application early to allow for our admission counsellors to
thoroughly review their scholarship case before presenting it to the admissions committee at
Is the scholarship for all four years or just for the first year?
Scholarship is awarded for all four years. If a student
receives a 20% scholarship, they will receive a 20% scholarship every semester on their
respective fees. However, in cases of misconduct or rule violations, disciplinary action may
Is the Masters’ Union scholarship applicable to the Illinois Tech fee?
No, the Masters’ Union scholarship is not applicable to the
Illinois Tech fee. However, students nominated and admitted to Illinois Tech through the 3+1
Dual Degree UG Programme may be eligible for a merit-based scholarship of up to 25% of
To qualify, students must maintain a cumulative GPA of 3.0/4.0 or higher. The final
decision on scholarship awards and eligibility is determined by Illinois Tech in accordance
with its admission and scholarship policies.
Are there any financing options?
Yes, there are financial institutions that can provide loans
for up to 95% of the programme fees to the admitted students. Read here for further
Is the admissions process different for the 3+1 Dual Degree UG
Programme with Illinois Institute of Technology?
No, the admissions process for the 3+1 Dual Degree UG
Programme is the same as the standard process. Applicants must apply through the regular
admissions portal, and eligibility for the programme is assessed based on their academic
performance, extracurricular activities, and an interview.
Will students have the option to choose the duration of transfer?
Currently, the programme is designed as a one-year transfer
option. Students will spend their fourth year at Illinois Institute of Technology,
completing the final year of their undergraduate degree as part of the 3+1 Dual Degree UG
When can the student decide if they want to opt for the 3+1 Dual
Degree UG Programme with Illinois Institute of Technology?
Students are strongly encouraged to decide on opting for the
3+1 Dual Degree UG Programme before starting their undergraduate journey at Masters’ Union.
Early confirmation ensures guaranteed seat allocation and allows for streamlined academic
planning tailored to the programme's requirements.
While students may still choose to opt for the programme during their third year,
this is subject to seat availability, which will be communicated at that time. Confirming at
the beginning ensures a smooth transition and optimal preparation for their transfer to
Will the curriculum at Illinois Tech align with what students study at
Yes, the curriculum has been designed to ensure a seamless
transfer between the institutions. Students will continue to build on the foundational and
advanced topics they study at Masters’ Union.
Can students secure internships in the US while at Illinois Tech?
Yes, students will have access to Illinois Tech’s career
services, which include internship placements, job fairs, and networking events with global
Copyright @ 2026 Masters’ Union